FLYlNCt 

spagh eo:i 
m on seep 



BOBBY HENDERSON 



Villard © New York 



A Villard Books Trade Paperback Original 
Copyright © 2006 by Bobby Henderson 



All rights reserved. 

Published in the United States by Villard Books, 

an imprint of The Random House Publishing Group, 

a division of Random House, Inc., New York. 

VILLARD and "V" CIRCLED Design are registered 
trademarks of Random House, Inc. 

Grateful acknowledgment is made to the following for permission to use 
preexisting material: 

Kelly Black: Proof entitled "The Case for the Church of the Immaculate 
Induction" by Kelly Black. Reprinted by permission of the author. 

/. R Blackwell: Proof entitled "Evidence of the Baker" by J. R. Blackwell. 
Reprinted by permission of the author. 

Alexis Drummond: Proof entitled "Pirates and Faith" by Alexis Drummond. 
Reprinted by permission of the author. 

Alexander Cross: Proof entitled "FSM Theologebra" by Alexander Gross. 
Reprinted by permission of the author. 

Jacob D. Haqq-Misra and Michael B. Larson: Proof entitled "Piracy as a 
Preventor of Tropical Cyclones" by Jacob D. Haqq-Misra and Michael B. 
Larson. Reprinted by permission of the authors. 

Kevin Heinright: Proof entitled "A Twenty-first-Century Ontological 
Argument" by Kevin Heinright. Reprinted by permission of the author. 

James Hofer: Proof entitled "Mathematical Proof of the FSM" by James 
Hofer. Reprinted by permission of the author. 

Toby Leonard: Proof entitled "Of Penguins and Pasta" by Toby Leonard 
with editing by Jason Braunwarth. Reprinted by permission of the author. 

Nick Moran: Proof entitled "Life, Kolgoromov Complexity, and Delicious 
Spaghetti" by Nick Moran. Reprinted by permission of the author. 

London W. Rabern: Proof entitled "A Teleological Argument" by Landon W. 
Rabern. Reprinted by permission of the author. 

Scott Stoddard: Proof entitled "A Corporate Proof of the Flying Spaghetti 
Monster" by Scott Stoddard. Reprinted by permission of the author, 
www.thefourthrow.blogspot.com . 

ISBN 0-8129-7656-8 

Printed in the United States of America 

www.villard.com 



987654321 



In the beginning was the Word, 
and the Word was "Arrrgh! " 

— PIRATICUS 13:7 



Ackn owl ed gm en ts 



DELIVERING A DIVINE MESSAGE requires a great deal of coordination 
and effort on the part of many people. I would like to acknowledge the 
hard work of all those who have devoted long hours and considerable 
mind power to keeping up the website and thereby assuring that His 
Word is spread across the globe. To you all, I say, thank you from the 
bottom of my heart — you have done benevolent and thoughtful work, 
and together we have accomplished much, though I can't help feeling 
that our greatest moments are still ahead of us. 

To my agent, Paula Balzer, I offer my sincerest gratitude. You have 
been brave and steadfast, guiding me through occasionally stormy seas 
like the great Pirate that you are. 

This book could never have happened without the unwavering dedi- 
cation of the publishing crew at Villard. Thank you to Daniel Menaker, 
editor in chief of Random House, for his wisdom, vision, and encour- 
agement. Thank you to Sanyu Dillon and Avideh Bashirrad for their 
kindness and support, and especially for the marketing genius that 
helped get this book off to a great start. Thank you to Erich Schoene- 
weiss for producing a great book and contributing his own Piratical 
ideas on many an occasion. Thank you to Simon Sullivan and Gabe 
Levine for their incredible design. Thank you to Nancy Delia for her 
patience and unwavering commitment to this project. Thank you to 
Tim Mak, who is an artist, gentleman, and Pirate all in one. And, 
above all, my greatest thanks goes to my editor, Chris Schluep, with- 
out whom the Flying Spaghetti Monster wouldn't even have gotten 
off the ground. I nominate you official Pastriarch ofFSMism. 



RAmen. 



Contents 



Acknowledgments vii 

Disclaimer xi 

A Letter from Bobby Henderson xiii 

THE BLUNDERS OF SCIENCE 1 

The Need for Alternative Theories 3 

An Alternative Viewpoint 6 

Toward a New SuperScience 1 1 

What's the Matter with Evolution? 17 

An Alternate Vision 30 

FSM vs. ID, an Unlikely Alliance 33 

Communion Test 38 

Unified Spaghetti Theory 40 

More Evidence 44 

Kiwi Birds: Flightless? 48 

EXPLAINING PASTAFARIAN ISM 49 

A Condensed History of the World 51 

Key Moments in FSM History 57 

Bobby Answers the Big Questions 63 

WWAPD? 67 

The Holy Noodle 70 

A History of Heretics 80 

PROPAGANDA 91 

The Pastafarian Guide to Propaganda 93 

Pamphlets 1 07 

Swag 1 1 4 

Fund-raising 1 22 

/A Gu/'c/e to the Holidays 1 23 

Enlightenment Institute 1 26 

/A F/na/ Note from Bobby Henderson and His Staff 1 65 



Disclaimer 



WHILE PASTAFARIANISM IS the only religion 
based on empirical evidence, it should also be 
noted that this is a faith-based book. Attentive 
readers will note numerous holes and contra- 
dictions throughout the text; they will even 
find blatant lies and exaggerations. These have 
been placed there to test the reader's faith. 



Disclaimer About Midgets' 1, Sometimes referred to as 

"midgits" or "little people." 

OUR RELIGION DOES NOT WISH to discriminate or cause 
hurt feelings among any group — and this is especially true 
of the very short, who, if provoked, could easily appear out 
of nowhere and attack. As a solution, we offer the following: 



To prevent angering the little people community, we 
suggest that this book be placed on the very highest 
shelf possible. 




DEAR FRIEND, 

/elcome to the wonderful world of religion! 



These are exciting times in holiness — politicians are crusading, na- 
tions are invading, and science 1 is fading. With these changes come re- 1. Also known as the lan- 
ligious opportunities the likes of which haven't been seen since the guage of the forked tongue. 
Reformation... or at least since the persecuted masses first huddled to- 
gether and shipped off to that great democratic revival meeting we call 
the United States ofAmerica. 

With this in mind, the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
(FSM) invites you to learn a little more about us. We'd like to tell you all 
about our Heaven, which features a Stripper Factory and a giant Beer 
Volcano. We'd love to see you dressed in His chosen garb: full Pirate re- 
galia. We want you to enjoy Fridays as His chosen holiday. But first you 
need to know a little more about us. 



What do we stand for? 

• All that is good. 
What are we against? 

• All that isn't good. 

Sounds sweet, right? Of course it's not that simple, and that's why 
we need a book. (Doesn't every religion have a book?) The Jews have the 
Bible (The Old Testicle), the Christians have ditto (The New Testicle), 
the Muslims have the Q-tip or whatever, the Jains have Fun with Dick 
andJain, the Sufis have Sufis Up!, the Buddhists have the Bananapada, 
the Hindus have Ten Little Indians, the Wiccans have The Witches of 
Eastwick, and so on. If this was a manifesto, a pamphlet, a flyer, an 



xiv* *A Letter from Bobby Henderson 



article, or some nut preaching from a street corner, you, fair reader, 
2. Also known as "Pastafari- might perceive FSMisnr to be just another two-bit cult. But we're not a 
anism - cult (we're more like a boutique religion at this point), and this is a 

book that will stand up to any of the others — at least in terms of strict 
plausibility if not literary finesse and retributive beheadings and disem- 
bowelments. The more you read about us the more you're going to be 
persuaded that the Flying Spaghetti Monster is the true Creator and 
that FSMismjust might be the Best. Religion. Ever. 

Go ahead. Try us for thirty days. If you don't like us, your old religion 
will most likely take you back. Unless it's the Jains, whose feelings are 
easily hurt. 

RAmen. 

BOBBY HENDERSON 

Prophet 



THE BLUNDERS OF SCIENCE 



Part of education is to expose people 
to different schools of thought. 

—GEORGE W. BUSH, closet Pastafarian 



The Need for Alternative Theories 



^^^J SCIENCE IS A SUBJECT IN CRISIS. There's a dirty little secret 
that the scientific establishment has been trying to keep 
f^mJ under wraps for years: There are many unproven theories that 
are being taught to people as if they were established fact. But thanks 
to the heroic efforts of a handful of deep thinkers, the winds of truth 
are sweeping across the nation. 

Consider the theory of Evolution. To their credit, Intelligent Design 
advocates have successfully argued that their alternative theory deserves 
as much attention as Evolution, since neither can be considered fact. 
This is a valid point, but Evolution is hardly the only theory in trouble. 

It seems strange that Evolution is singled out as "just a theory" when 
there are so many basic ideas in science that remain unproven, yet are 
still taught as fact. The objections to teaching Evolution have only il- 
lustrated this point further: Alternative theories must be taught in order to 
give our young students' minds a broad foundation. The Intelligent Design 
proponents make a compelling, and totally legitimate, argument that if 
a theory has not been proven, then one suggested theory is just as good 
as another. 

Take gravity, for example: the force of attraction between massive 
particles. We know a great deal about the properties of gravity, yet we 
know nothing about the cause of the force itself. Why are particles at- 
tracted to one other? If we review the literature, we find a lot of material 
dealing with the properties of gravity, but very little dealing with the 
underlying cause of this attraction. Until we have a proven answer to 
this question, it seems irresponsible to instruct students in what is, ul- 
timately, just a theory. However, if we must discuss the theory of grav- 
ity at all, then it's reasonable that all suggested theories should be given 
equal time, since none have been proven or disproven. Therefore, I for- 
mally submit that the Flying Spaghetti Monster is behind this strange 
and often misunderstood force. 



4 • • The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



1. It would appear that 
midgets receive the most 
FSM touching — thus placing 
them on a pedestal in His 
eyes. 



2. If we are to believe that 
height is a function of nutri- 
tion, as we're told, then a 
smaller population with 
more food available per per- 
son should correlate to a 
taller height. This is not what 
we find. 



What if it is He, pushing us down with His Noodly Appendages, that 
causes this force? He is invisible, remember, and is undetectable by 
current instruments, so in theory it is possible. And the fact that the 
gravitational powers of the Spaghetti Monster haven't been disproven 
makes it all the more likely to be true. We can only guess as to His mo- 
tives, but it's logical to assume that if He is going to such trouble, there 
is a good reason. It could be that He doesn't want us floating off earth 
into space, or maybe just that He enjoys touching us — we may never 
know.' 

And while it's true that we don't have any empirical evidence to back 
up this theory, keep in mind the precedent set by Intelligent Design 
proponents. Not only is observable, repeatable evidence not required to 
get an alternative theory included in the curriculum, but simply pok- 
ing holes in established theory may be enough. In this case, the 
established theory of gravity makes no mention as to the cause of the 
force; it merely presents the properties of it. I fully expect, then, that 
this FSM theory of gravity will be admitted into accepted science with 
a minimum of apparently unnecessary bureaucratic nonsense, includ- 
ing the peer-review process. 

For further evidence of the true cause of gravity — that we are being 
pushed down by His Noodly Appendages — we need only look at our his- 
torical records. The average height of humans two thousand years ago 
was about five feet three inches for males, compared with an average 
height of around five feet ten inches for males today. Useless by itself, 
this information becomes quite important when viewed in terms of 
worldwide population. Humans, apparently obsessed with fucking, have 
increased their numbers exponentially over the years. We find, counter- 
intuitively, that a small population correlates with shorter humans, 
and a larger population correlates with taller humans. 2 This only 
makes sense in light of the FSM theory of gravity. With more people on 
earth today, there are fewer Noodly Appendages to go around, so we 
each receive less touching — pushing down toward the earth — and thus, 
with less force downward, we're taller. 

We can fully expect that as the population increases, and we receive 



The Need for Alternative Theories * * 5 



EARLY MAN: SHORT MODERN MAN: TALL 




less downward pushing by the FSM, we'll continue to grow in height. 
Conversely, we can expect that the sudden occurrence of a worldwide 
plague would cause our average height to decrease. This phenomenon 
can be verified in historical records. We find that re- 
gions undergoing health crises have shorter people- 
strong evidence that the theory is sound. 

No one is saying that the FSM theory of gravity is 
necessarily true, but at the very least, it's based on 
sound science, sound enough to be included in the 
curriculum with the other nonproven theories. Until 
the currently taught theory of gravity, known as 
Newtonism, is proven as fact, alternatives should be 
taught as well. 



The unusually high placement of this 
prehistoric cave art is attributed to the 
natural shelter that caves provided from 
His Noodly Appendages. 




An Alternative Viewpoint 



A Note from 

Ferris P. Longshanks: County Sheriff , School 
Board Member, Concerned Citizen 

Honestly, fellow citizens, I don't under- 
stand what all the fuss is about. We're not 
saying that Intelligent Design is any more 
valid than Evolution or any other half- 
baked theory of creation — all we're inter- 
ested in is giving people choices. 

Isn't that what America is all about? 

Republican or Democrat 
McDonald's or Burger King 
Target orWal-Mart 
Coke or Pepsi 

And here's another to consider . . 

The Benevolent Lord Our Savior or 
Everlasting Damnation in Hellfire 

Whichever side you fall on doesn't really matter, because we're all 
Americans. Still, any real American supports his or her inalienable 
right to have choices— and lots of 'em. For what are people without 
choices? Communists! And despite this fact, there are those who 
would bar the public from having an open and honest discussion 
about Intelligent Design, a scientific concept that's so clear and logi- 




An Alternative Viewpoint • * 7 



cal as to appeal to Baptist holy men and intellectually discerning 
NASCAR fans alike. 

Sometimes I see the hypocrisy and just shake my head. 

Granted, these are controversial issues we're dealing with, and 
well-reasoned people do disagree on whether life as we know it was 
created by a benevolent and all-knowing Creator (ID) — or through a 
random and heartless struggle for dominance, commonly known as 
survival of the fittest (Evolution). 

For the sake of clarity, allow me to use a simple analogy to explain 
these two very different versions of creation. 

Say you want to buy one of those new flatscreen TVs that are so 
popular these days. According to the opposing theories of ID and 
Evolution, you might acquire that TV in two very different ways: 

1. You could assume, quite fairly, that Intelligent Designers from 
Sony, Toshiba, and Sharp are actively producing new and 
affordable forty-two-inch, high-definition flatscreen TVs, which 
are then boxed and shipped to the nearest Wal-Mart or Circuit 
City for you to purchase. Or . . . 

2. You could wait several million years for a new flatscreen TV to 
evolve spontaneously from a "soup" composed of mud, DNA, and 
spare television parts. Once this happens, you might attempt 
to drag your new television out of a swamp and back to your 
house (or more likely, cave) before a stranger comes swinging 
out of a tree, Mils you and your children, then inseminates your 
wife with his own seed. 

As you can see, both theories present potentially dramatic conse- 
quences for society. I'm not saying that one scenario is more valid 
than the other, but I will say that the Intelligent Design option is the 
first one. In the interest of fairness, IH also say that Evolution (or 



The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



Natural Selection) is the one where your wife gets raped by a man 
who lives in a tree. Both theories present unique challenges. 

When considering the two, ask yourself which makes more sense in 
your life. 

Then ask yourself, Who's making these arguments, anyway? 
ID proponents can boast of several scientists — brave men who are 
willing to be called upon by name — to represent their views. You've 
seen these pro-ID champions on your televisions (which, we can safely 
assume, were designed by engineers and bought from a store . . . 

further proof). You've observed them being viciously at- 
tacked by activistjudges, the liberal media, and a cer- 
tain Bobby Henderson. But where are the men of 
science who speak out in support of Evolution? 

A number of scientists have been cited in defense of 
Evolution, but ifwe examine the situation more closely 
we begin to see a disturbing pattern. 

Names like Darwin, Einstein, Carl Sagan, Stephen 
Jay Gould, Ernst Meyer — and many other scientists who 
95 percent of the country have never heard of — are of- 
fered up as men who've supported Evolution. Yet 
you've never seen one ofthese so-called scientists pub- 
licly defending their theory. Why? 
Answer: Because they're all dead. 
Hmm . . . coincidence? When the pro-Evolutionary 
movement has to resort to dead scientists (who are probably a little 
warm right now, if you get my drift), it makes one wonder how good 
an argument they actually have. What's next. . . bringing backAristo 
tie (a homosexual) and Ptolemy (forgotten) to argue for a flat earth? 
Given the pro-Evolutionists' track record, that can't be too far away. 

As I've stated, we do see livingjudges trying to wield their laws in 
the face ofthis highly scientific discussion. However, I predict that 



An Alternative Viewpoint • • 9 



the well-prepared ID scientists will soon have liberal activist judges 
quaking in their penny loafers. These judges are much better suited 
for sanctioning same-sex marriage, and most of them are old and 
easily confused. Ignore their words and proclamations, for they tire 
easily. 

The liberal media has also chimed in on the subject, only to be re- 
minded that they're just overpromoted weathermen with good hair, 
deep voices, and small penises. I don't have conclusive evidence on 
this last point, but looking at Stone Phillips I'm pretty sure it's true. 
Don't worry about the media, they'll lose interest as soon as forest 
fire season returns. 

Aside from dead scientists, activist judges, and the liberal media, 
one other man has arisen as a voice for the Evolutionists — if not nec- 
essarily to argue for Evolution, then at least to mock the ID move- 
ment. We know little about this man, who hails from the Pacific 
Northwest and calls himself "Bobby Henderson." 

Far be it from me to cast stones, but there are disturbing rumors 
about him going around. I read on the Internet that he's not even a 
scientist. Also, a very reliable source reports that he lied about his 
military record. I hear that he's been divorced three times and sleeps 
in a crypt. Not all of these rumors are verified, but if we're to let this 
lying divorce A who may or may not be a shape-shifting night creature, 
take a lead on this important debate, I can only pray for the redemp- 
tion of this country. 

In conclusion, I would like to return to my original argument: We 
the People need choices. We need as many choices as possible, and we 
can't allow the leftist cabal of scientists, judges, Bobby Henderson, 
and the media to take these choices away from us. Write your con- 
gressmen and demand that ID be taught in the schools. Write your 
religious leaders and demand that they write your congressmen. 

If we don't act now, I fear the day will come when judges and the 



• The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

media are free to operate with little regard for the tempering hand of 
public outrage. Laws will be passed and upheld, and onlyjudges will 
be able to rule on them. The media will report the news without 
threat of subpoena. To put it bluntly, the god-hating communists will 
have finally won. 

I wonder if they'll appoint Bobby Henderson to be their dictator. 



Toward a New SuperScience 



WE ARE ENTERING INTO AN EXCITING TIME, when no 

longer will science be limited to natural explana- 
tions. Who is to say that there aren't supernatural 
forces — magic, some might call it — at work, controlling events around us? 
Propelled by popular opinion and local government, science is quickly 
becoming receptive to all logical theories, natural and supernatural alike. 
Not since the Middle Ages have we seen such open-minded science 
policy. 

What is science, really? Some might call it the observational, descrip- 
tive, experimental, and theoretical explanation ofphenomena. And so, 
not surprisingly, there are a few who argue that supernatural theories 
have no place in science, since they make no testable claims about the 
world. But that idea is a little shortsighted. Science is also a collection 
of tools whose purpose is to enable mankind to solve problems. In this 
sense, supernatural — or magic, metaphysical, not real, what have you — 
theories have the potential to be just as helpful, if not more helpful, 
than the standard natural-only science we've used for the last two hun- 
dred years. 

Extending the science tool metaphor further, shouldn't we endeavor 
to give scientists the largest collection of tools possible? No one is say- 
ing that they have to apply a supernatural explanation to any particu- 
lar phenomenon, only that the supernatural be available if nothing else 
works, or if it is convenient for deceptive political purposes. And re- 
member, this is not a radical new idea. In terms of years in use, supernat- 
ural science — SuperScience, if you will — has the edge on conventional 
science. Conventional, or empirical, science has been in use for only a few 
hundred years. Obviously there must be a reason supernatural science 
lasted so long, before this empirical-science' fad began. Could it be that 
supernatural science is more productive than empirical science? 

Consider the discovery and development of new land, an important 




1 2 • • The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



scientific pursuit by anyone's standard. If we compare a period of time 
LAldente. in which supernatural science was the norm — say the years A.D. 1400 1 

to 1600, to a period of time in which empirical science was preferred- 
say the years 1800 to 2000 — we can get a clear picture of just how detri- 
mental empirical science can be. 



LAND AREA DISCOVERED 





SUPERNATURAL SCIENCE 
Years 1400-1600 
14.5 million sq km 



EMPIRICAL SCIENCE 

Years 1800-2000 
0.3 million sq km 



Here, empirical science comes up short even with every technological 
advantage it possesses. Even with satellite imagery and GPS navigation, 
scientists bound by the chains of empiricism have been unable to dis- 
cover even a paltry 3 percent of the amount of new land that their 
supernatural-science counterparts found in an equal period of time. 
Scientists and explorers in the years 1400-1600 had few maps, only a 
compass, cross-staff, or astrolabe for navigation, and no motorized 
transportation. Yet even with these setbacks, they still managed to dis- 
cover more than 14 million square kilometers of new, developable land. 
Clearly their openness to supernatural forces had something to do with 
their success, and we can only guess that they were guided to these new- 



Coward a New SuperScience • • 1 3 




21 



found lands by some creature — most likely the Flying Spaghetti Mon- 
ster, as historical art suggests. 

It's only logical to assume that returning to balanced methods of sci- 
ence — natural theories and supernatural theories both — would allow us 
to find more land, something we greatly need for our growing popula- 
tion. More land means more resources, and more resources means fewer 
starving children. I can safely say, then, that anyone against the inclu- 
sion of supernatural theories into science wants children to starve. Such 
people obviously have no place in policymaking, and so I suggest that 
they get no say on the issue. 

Next, we'll look at medicine. It might seem crazy to claim that med- 
icine was superior in the Middle Ages — when science included the su- 



The Italian explorer 
Christopher Columbus was 
guided by a Higher Po wer. 



» • che Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

pernatural — than it is today — being now limited to the study of natural 
phenomena — but let's take a closer look. Medieval medicine was domi- 
nated by religion, and yes, sickness was generally thought to be punish- 
ment for sins, and so treatment then consisted mainly of prayer. But 
let's not forget about the "antiquated" medical procedures that were 
ultimately so successful as to render them unnecessary today. 

Bloodletting, the removal of considerable amounts of blood from a 
patient's body, is considered heinous by today's supposedly superior 
doctors, but who is to say that the procedure didn't do more good than 
modern medicine? Medical texts from the Middle Ages — anyone with 
even a moderate understanding of Latin can read them, and we have no 
reason to doubt their validity — tell us that many ailments, from 
headaches to cancer, are the result of evil spirits who are angry with us. 
We now know, of course, that there are many causes for these ailments, 
not just spirits at work, but it's clear from the texts that they were a very 
significant cause of sickness — one that does not exist today, because 
bloodletting worked so well as to defeat these sickness spirits com- 
pletely, much the same way polio was cured with high doses of vitamin 
C. To those who disagree, let me ask you: When was the last time you 
suffered a demon-induced fever? 

But there are more diseases out there, and it's apparent that medical 
science, equipped with only modern methods, cannot defeat them all. 
Why not, then, give these doctors and scientists more tools and the flex- 
ibility to consider supernatural causes as well as natural ones? Who 
knows what other ailments, even non-demon-induced ones, might be 
cured with a simple bloodletting or application of leeches? We'll never 
know until we try. 

And while it's true that many people believe in the power of prayer to 
cure disease, there's never been any verifiable evidence to support the 
practice. That's not to say it's not possible — it certainly is possible that 
prayer aids in healing — but it could very well be that these prayers are 
being applied in a nonoptimal fashion, thus explaining the lack of evi- 
dence for their effectiveness. The truth is we don't know because cur- 
rent scientific methods and religious sensitivities don't allow this type 



Coward a New SuperScience • • 1 5 



of study. What if those praying are simply praying to the wrong God, or 
offending Him somehow? What if, by the wearing of a simple eye patch 
or Pirate bandanna, those praying might have their prayers answered by 
the FSM? 

History is full of examples of supernatural events, and unless we are 
saying that we're somehow more intelligent and educated, better equip- 
ped to understand unexplained events today than we were five hundred 
years ago, then we must accept the explanations given to these events by 
those who witnessed them. Witches, for example, existed in such quan- 
tity and caused so much trouble that it was necessary to hunt them 
down and burn them in the tens of thousands. Here it is, the twenty- 
first century, hundreds ofyears later, plenty of time for the population 
of witches to have grown exponentially, yet they are decidedly less of a 
problem now than they were half a millennia ago. I have never 
even seen a witch, let alone felt the need to burn one to death. 
We can conclude, then, that our forefathers, equipped 
with the knowledge that supernatural explana- 
tions were reasonable, rounded up all the 
witches in existence and took care of them. 

The other possibility is that there ire 
witches out there, hiding somewhere, ploi 
ting their revenge, liberally applying fire- 
proofing compounds to themselves. 
And someday they may reappear and 
start causing trouble. And then what 
will our high and mighty scientists 
do? Throw calculators at them? 
Witches eat calculators. The scien- 
tific community will be helpless 
to defeat the threat of these 
witches, offering only "logical" 
and "reasoned" explanations for 
the horrible events the witches 
are magically inflicting on us. 



Witch eating a calculator. 




16 • *The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

We tend to exalt our rigid empirical methods and technological ad- 
vances, almost as if we're proud of what we've accomplished with them, 
but when the record clearly shows that supernatural, nonempirical 
science produces these kinds of results — the discovery of new lands, 
the elimination of demon-inducing illnesses, and the extinction of 
witches — it's time to rethink our methods and return to what gave us 
real results. 

The biggest irony is that the arguments given against the inclusion of 
supernatural theories in the realm of accepted science actually show 
clearly that supernatural theories are legit fields of scientific study. No 
one is saying that empirical, natural-only science and supernatural sci- 
ence can't live side by side. They can, and in fact, they must. Intelligent 
design may shun natural explanations for phenomena, but FSMism 
makes use ofboth the natural and the supernatural equally. 

FSMISM 




INTELLIGENT DESIGN 



"What's the Matter with evolution? 



WE HEAR A LOT ABOUT EVOLUTION these days. Scien- 
tists seem to have embraced the subject as though 
it were the Second Coming of... well... science. 



Highlighting the Problem 



But where has it gotten us? Are we to believe thatjust because we're de- 
scended from a common ancestor shared with monkeys, dogs, or what- 
ever, that we understand our situation on this earth any better than we 
would without Evolution to guide us? Is Evolution going to somehow 
make my life more satisfying? Can Evolution put food on my table? 
Will it save the earth from global warming? 

The answer to all of the above is a big No. And why is that? Because 
Evolution is about as useful as a screen door on a submarine. Sure, sci- 
entists while away their days trying to devise this or that proof to show 
that Evolution is a credible idea, but as long as it's just a theory, no one 
in the real world is going to take it seriously. So I've decided to do some 
debunking of my own to show the world that the big, bad scientists 
aren't "all. that," as the kids like to say. 

What is Evolution but the gradual change of species over a lengthy 
period of time as a result of various internal and external selective pres- 
sures? My grandfather, who is as old as dirt, has been through that. Ac- 
cording to early lithographs, he was quite a looker in his day, but now, 
a century later, after years of hard drinking and working in the mines, 
he has no hair and looks like shit. Could Evolution just mean growing 
old] I posed this question to a scientist friend who explained that the 
change has to take place over many generations. You'd think the Evolu- 
tionists would have stated that right out front, and I admit that I stand 
corrected. But Evolution still sounds a lot like growing old to me, and I 
can't help thinking that this is where the Evolutionary scientists first 
got their wacky ideas. 

Having cleared up this common confusion, let us move on to the 
proposed selective force of Evolution — namely, Natural Selection. What 



18 • • The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



the fuck is this supposed to mean? Is there unnatural selection? And 
who's doing the selecting? Neither of these questions could be an- 
swered by my scientist friend, and so I have been forced to ditch my now 
former friend and perform my own research. What follows is, to the 
best of my ability, what I've been able to uncover regarding Evolution 
and Natural Selection. 



A Closer examination of Natural Selection 

Apparently, there are not one but two forms of selection. They are Nat- 
ural Selection and sexual selection. I'll let you mull over the second 
"sexy" form of selection for a minute, at least until I've torn the first one 
to shreds. You should have time to masturbate while reading my proofs, 
if that's what you're in to. 

According to the neo-Darwinists, most Evolutionary change is at- 
tributable to Natural Selection, meaning that individuals carrying 
genes that are better suited to their environment will leave more off- 
spring than individuals carrying genes that make them less adaptive. 
Over time, these more adaptive traits will proliferate, altering the ge- 
netic composition ofthe overall population, since individuals with bet- 
1. "Fitness" regards howweii ter "fitness" 1 pass more oftheir genes into the next generation. It is this 

individuals "fit" m their envi- process, scientists will tell you, that produced the platypus, the pen- 
ronment. 

guin, and the poodle — leading us to conclude that scientists are defi- 
nitely full of shit. If someone can explain to me the adaptive traits of 
the "duckbill," then they can certainly tell me why the platypus is the 
only mammal on the planet that has one? Are platypii (pusses ... who 
knows?) concerned with ingratiating themselves into local duck popu- 
lations? Do they think that they're funny? Why the fuck do they have 
a bill? 

I'll take it easy on the scientists regarding the platypus, because obvi- 
ously it's a tough one, but I'm sure there are several hundred scientists 
right now earning their tenure in a pointless search for the Evolution- 
ary significance of this ridiculous creature. I'll close on the platypus by 



What's the Matter with evolution?* • 19 



stating an alternative theory that I've come up with: the Flying Spaghetti 
Monster made the platypus because, unlike scientists, He has a sense of 
humor. It's an unlikely sign from God — and until someone can prove 
me wrong, that's my theory. 

I will next turn to more ordinary and boring examples of Natural 
Selection, which I will then proceed to slice to ribbons. Let us look at 
the fascinating case of bacteria. It is well known that antibiotics are 
used to cure various illnesses caused by bacteria, and it is equally well 
known that most bacteria (for example, staphylococci) 2 eventually de- 
velop immunity to these antibiotics. Looking a little closer at the case 
of staphylococci, we find that, in 1929, Sir Alexander Fleming 5 first 
observed the bacterium staphylococci to experience inhibition on an 
agar plate contaminated by a penicillium 4 mold. Sir Alexander Flem- 
ing, or "F-Man" as the queen liked to call him, isolated the penicil- 
lium to make penicillin, which then went on to be known as a wonder 
drug for many diseases, mainly VD. But gradually penicillin in its nat- 
ural form became useless. Scientists will tell you that the bacterium — 
which replicates faster than a chinchilla in a Cialis factory — eventually 
developed a strain of itself that was resistant to naturally formed 
penicillin, and that the process ofNatural Selection caused this resis- 
tant strain to propagate in nature. This is an outright lie, which I will 
decimate momentarily. 

If we look at bacteria that grow resistant to antibiotics, insects that 
grow resistant to DDT, or even HIV that grows resistant to antiviral 
drugs, we see a fascinating correlation between "Natural Selection" and 
"resistance." But what are we really seeing here? I submit that they're 
not changing their genetic makeup, they're changing their minds. In 
short, they're getting smarter. If I go to your house and you feed me a 
shit sandwich two days in a row, I'm having lunch at McDonald's on 
the third day. It's that simple. Don't let the scientists, with their big 
phallic bacterial names, tell you anything different. They're not as 
smart as they pretend to be, no matter how much they try to demean 
so-called lower life forms. 



2. Most scientists are per- 
verted and use Latinate terms 
to hide this fact. Translated 
into English, staphylococci 
means "Power Penis." 

3. No relation to Sir Elton 
John. 

4. Meaning "many tiny 
penises." 



• The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

One other example of Natural Selection should just about put this 
puppy to bed. Scientists have pointed to "artificial selection" to show 
that humans, by providing their own specific set of selective forces, can 
mimic the forces of nature. We see this over and over again in the ac- 
tions of "breeders," who purportedly have wrought immense changes 
in plants and animals. We can look to the various breeds of dogs as an 
example, where claims are made that all dog species originated from 
one common source: the ancestral wolf. From this ferocious beast we 
are expected to believe that a diverse assortment of species was created 
by man himself — such four-legged brutes as the Chihuahua, the dachs- 
hund, the poodle, and the bulldog — all of which have been with us since 
time immemorial. This breeding "myth" appears to be a form of propa- 
ganda, possibly put forth by anti-Intelligent Design campaigners, al- 
though I'll save any conversation about Intelligent Design for a later 
chapter. How can we believe such claims about "man's best friend" 
when it is obvious to the common observer that every breed has been 
put on this planet to serve a purpose. I, for one, would point to the FSM 
as the creator of dogs, although there is valid evidence that God (if he 
is ever proven to exist) might have had a hand in their creation. After 
all, aren't German shepherds meant to provide us with protection, 
maybe even from their own "forefathers," the wolf?' Weren't poodles 
and Chihuahuas put on this earth to make us feel better about our- 
selves? There can be little doubt that an intelligent creator put all the 
species on earth to serve man. And Evolution wasn't even properly in- 
vented until the late 1800s. Is that enough time to get a Labrador re- 
triever from a dire wolf? I think not. 

If you don't buy this argument, consider this one last example, 
which in this case regards plant species. If we look at domestic cabbage, 
broccoli, kale, cauliflower, and brussels sprouts, are we to claim, even if 
they did originate from a common ancient wild cabbage, that selection, 
be it natural, artificial, whatever, could not have done better over the 
last few thousand years? The answer is written in the squinched-up face 
of every child with a brussels sprout in his or her mouth. Yet another 
strike against Evolution. 



What's the Matter with evolution?* • 21 






Not in a million fucking 
years... 



From Pirates to People 

Any discussion of Evolution will eventually lead us to ourselves. Humans 
have been around for as long as we can remember, and yet the Evolution- 
ists will tell you that we weren't. They will tell you that humans and chim- 
panzees shared a common ancestor some five million years ago, and that 
we "diverged" from that common ancestor and eventually invented the 
space shuttle while chimpanzees were only able to invent "the stick." To 
support this thesis, scientists tell us that we share 95 percent of our DNA 
with chimpanzees, and yet we share 99.9 percent of our DNA with 
Pirates. '1 ask you, who is the more likely common ancestor? And are the 
Pirates not the Chosen People of the FSM? Why do we spend so much 
time talking about something that didn't happen, while the FSM is dan- 
gling His Noodly Appendage right in front of our faces? 



6. I find it suspicious that 
biology textbooks rarely 
mention this fact. 



But I shall persevere just a little further, and I shall examine the human 
body — specifically, I will examine organs that have been deemed "vesti- 
gial," or useless, as a result of losing their function over millennia of 
Evolution. 



22 • -The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 




A more credible theory. 



7. Wisdom teeth appear to 
still serve a useful function in 
parts ofthe Deep South. 

8. See Robert Louis 
Stevenson's Treasure Island. 



Wisdom Teeth 

Fallacy: Emerging in adulthood, these teeth are thought to have 
served as extra grinding surfaces for early man, who, before the advent 
of proper dental care, would most likely have lost many of his teeth by 
his mid-twenties. 7 

Fact: It is common knowledge that our Pirate ancestors ate a diet 
much rougher and more manly than our diets today. Also, they tended 
to carry their knives set deep in the back of their mouths." It is logical, 
then, that they'd need extra teeth. 



What's the Matter with evolution? * • 23 



Male Nipples 

Fallacy: Scientists believe that all humans had breasts — or "dugs" — 
back in the Stone Age. 

Fact: Male nipples were used by Pirates as portable weather stations. 
With their nipples they were able to determine the direction of the 
trade winds and, depending on stiffness, how cold it was outside. 



Goose Bumps 

Fallacy: Evolutionary propaganda would have you 
believe that goose bumps are an atavistic, now use- 
less response to distress — be it emotional or 
weather-related — that was once meant to raise the 
hair on our early forefathers, causing them to ap- 
pear larger and scarier. 

Fact: Goose bumps are a cleverly disguised fea- 
ture that allowed for increased buoyancy once a Pi- 
rate hit cold water. By simply appearing, they 
raised the surface area, thus increasing buoyancy. 
This made Pirates float better — something that 
was very useful to our ancestors, as they were 
sometimes without boats. Naturally, goose 
bumps seem to be a vestigial reflex, but it's really 
society that has changed. 



Appendix 

Fallacy: This is a remnant of an internal pouch used to ferment the 
hard-to-digest plant diets of our ancestors. 

Fact: The appendix was a clever internal pouch utilized for hiding a 
Pirate's gold. It is also the inspiration for the saying "cough it up," 
which Pirates would demand of defeated Pirates once they'd boarded 
their ships. 



"Looks like we 're gonna get 
a nor'easter. " 




*The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

Cailbone 

Fallacy: Evolutionists claim that the tailbone, or coccyx, which has no 
documented use, is an unusual remnant of a larger bone growth that 
might once have formed an ancestral tail, homologous to the func- 
tional tails of other primates. 

Fact: Humans with tails ... are scientists high? Couldn't the coccyx 
have served other purposes? I have carefully researched this issue, and 
have compared the coccyx to other unusual bone growths in animals — 
and the literature has led me to a single, overriding conclusion. Lots of 
animals have horns on their heads, and these aren't thought to be the 
remnants of larger bone growth, probably because, unlike the coccyx, 
horns serve a purpose today. But what if the original purpose of the 
coccyx has simply been rendered useless by today's culture? If you ex- 
amine the coccyx closely you will see that this bony growth is very sim- 
ilar, when you think about it, to a horn, which is the structure used by 
many animals for fighting. I submit, then, that the coccyx is not a ves- 
tige of an ancestral tail but rather an effective, albeit strangely placed, 
defense and fighting mechanism. 

I imagine that two opponents, fighting over women or choice cave 
real estate, would have run backward at each other — their asses out- 
stretched, much the way elk fight with their horns. I have termed this 
ass-fighting. This makes sense, if you think about it, as it would leave 
their hands free to carry whatever they needed — most likely food or 
rocks. 

As further evidence that the coccyx is a fighting feature, and that 
some knowledge of its use has survived culturally through the years, 
consider how quickly someone will run away from you if you run at 
them backward, ass first. I suggest that those who doubt this hypothe- 
sis put it to the test, and attempt to ram their ass into everyone they see 
for the next few days.' I feel confident that most, if not all, of these tar- 
gets will at the very least be afraid. I see no other explanation for why 
this would occur, other than that we know, subconsciously, that the 
coccyx is a weapon, not a vestigial tail. 



What's the Matter with evolution?' * 25 



One Other Vestigial Feature 



Fallacy: The human genome provides evidence that we humans were 
not created ex nihilo,"' but instead had to evolve systematically, just like 
all the other animals. As evidence, scientists point to lots of nonfunc- 
tional DNA, including many inactive "pseudo genes" that were func- 
tional in some of our ancestors but aren't today. One example that is 
often cited is the case of vitamin C synthesis. While all primates, in- 
cluding humans, carry the gene responsible for synthesizing vitamin C, 
that gene is inactive in all members ofthe primate family but one: man. 
Scientists point to this as evidence of our shared lineage, although I 
can't figure out why. 

Fact: Pirates, our ancestors, lived in the tropics and ate a lot of fruit. 



10. Nihiloswere an early 
Roman snack food, an early 
predecessor to Doritos. 
Essentially, this term trans- 
lates to "from Doritos." 



evolution Gets Sexy 

Finally, I will address "sexual selection," which I promised some time 
earlier. The basic concept behind sexual selection is that one gender of 
the species, usually the female, actively chooses members ofthe oppo- 
site sex to copulate with,' 1 based on certain criteria, thus placing a se- 11. Fuck, 
lective pressure on the species as a whole. Sexual selection explains the 
bright foliage of male birds, the impressive ritualistic duels among 

male rams, deer, elk, and other ungulates, 12 and the high percentage of 12. Rams, deer, elk, etc. 

Hummers being driven by short, ugly men. In short, sexual selection 

depends on the success of certain individuals over others of the same 

sex, while Natural Selection is non-gender specific. In the interest of 

modernity, I move that Congress pass a bill outlawing this backward 

and sexist practice. 



The Spaghedeity 

While I have essentially decimated the theory of Evolution throughout 
these pages, it is important to state that a great deal of credible Evolu- 
tionary evidence does exist. No one can dispute the fossil record, which 



26 • 'Che Gospel of the flying Spaghetti Monster 



13. Also, George W. Bush 
bears a striking resemblance 
to a chimpanzee. 



shows a clear and gradual transformation of species over time (albeit 
with frustrating gaps — and I ask you, Who could have put them there?). 
And there do indeed appear to be selective forces at work in the world, 
for instance when drunks walk out onto the road and are hit by cars. 1 ' 

We are not saying that Evolution can't exist, only that it is guided by 
His Noodly Appendage. And our Spaghedeity is extremely modest. For 
some reason, He went through a great deal of trouble to make us be- 
lieve that Evolution is true — masking the prominent role of Pirates in 
our origins, making monkeys seem more important than they really 
are, generally keeping behind the scenes and out of the spotlight. 

In spite of His low profile, though, let no one doubt that the Church 
of the Flying Spaghetti Monster is not only a groundbreaking religion, 
but is also supported by hard science, making it probably the most un- 
questionably true theory ever put forth in the history of mankind. To 
make my point, I will turn to the modern-day problem of global 
warming. 

Pirates, as you know, are His Chosen People. Yet their numbers have 
been shrinking ever since the 1800s. Consequently, we find that global 
warming, earthquakes, hurricanes, and other natural disasters are a di- 
rect result of the shrinking number of Pirates. To illustrate this fact, I 
have included the following well-known graph from a recent study: 



GLOBAL AVERAGE TEMPERATURE vs. NUMBER OF PIRATES 

~. 16 5 1 

U 




40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000 0 



Number ol Pirates 



What's the Matter with evolution?' • 27 



As you can see, there is a statistically significant inverse relationship 
between Pirates and global temperature. But of course not all correla- 
tions are causal. For example, take a look at this seeming correlation re- 
garding ID proponents: 

It would appear that the people behind ID have a lower intelligence 
quotient than the general population — and a significantly lower IQ 
than scientists, who overwhelmingly reject the idea of Intelligent De- 

14 14. Henderson, 2005. 

sign. 

I, for one, tend to believe this to be merely a strange coincidence, and 
that ID believers are not necessarily as retarded as the data would sug- 
gest. It is entirely likely that the Flying Spaghetti Monster put this co- 
incidence in place in order to confuse us further as to our true origins. 
We may never know. 

SCATTER PLOT FOR BELIEF IN 

, ■ ..:■>:■■•■ 

• X 

X • 



Strong Neutral 

x - ID Supporters • - Scientists 

FSM vs. Other Religions 

A conversation about Intelligent Design proponents, no matter how 
brief and specious, inevitably leads us to a discussion about God and 
religion. It is important to state up front that the Church of the Flying 
Spaghetti Monster is a peaceful religion — probably the most peaceful of 
them all. But can we prove that? In order to explore our proposition, let 



140 
120 
100 

80 

60 

x 

40 

X 

20 



28 • • The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



15. Luke 19:27. 

16. Who managed to knock 
offjesus, if you believe some 
people. 



17. Which would be cool, but 
would probably also make 
you a little uncomfortable 
around other people. 



us look at religion and violence throughout history, particularly with 
regard to war and death. 

Christianity appears to be the Rambo of religions, with the Crusades, 
the Inquisition, various bloody rebellions, the Conquistadors ... the list 
seems nearly endless. Suffice it to say that when Jesus Christ stated, in 
his bewitching and Yoda-like manner, "But those enemies, which would 
not that I should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them before 
me,"" people took him pretty literally. The Jews" and the Muslims 
haven't done so well for themselves either, and are still duking it out. We 
even find Buddhists fighting in China. So, glossing over the evidence, we 
find that religion can be quite scary and violent. On the other hand, 
there's absolutely no evidence of any deaths from FSMism, which seems 
to imply that it has the lowest death rate. And if that is true, then this is 
strong evidence that FSMism is the most peaceful religion. 

Now take a look at how much criticism of Christianity, Islam, Ju- 
daism, and the other religions there is. People can't seem to decide on 
the simple things, like which holy book to follow, let alone whether any 
of it is true. There are arguments between friends and countries, tens of 
thousands of books on the various religions, all poking holes, jibbering 
about which god to worship (Hinduism), jabbering about which ancient 
prophet's cousin to support (Islam). It's a mess. And yet we find that ex- 
actly, count them, zero books have been written to poke holes in the the- 
ory of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. There isn't even any academic 
criticism, only academic support — and academics love to argue about 
everything. All this we take as evidence that FSMism is probably true. 

Finally, we find that the religions tend to put a lot of stock in 
"dogma," which is a way of saying they are correct beyond all doubt. 
Even the most devout of the Pastafarians will scratch their heads and 
nervously readjust their eye patches at this idea. Dogma implies an ab- 
solute belief in something, and in order for people to have an absolute 
belief in anything, they'd basically have to be fucking omniscient." We 
have a different approach: FSM believers reject dogma. Which is not to 
say that we don't believe we're right. Obviously, we do. We simply re- 



What's the Matter with evolution?' • 29 



serve the right to change our beliefs based on new evidence or greater 
understanding of old evidence. Our rejection of dogma is so strong 
that we leave open the possibility that there is no Flying Spaghetti 
Monster at all. So, in a sense, you could say that we're extremely open- 
minded — we could change our minds someday. All we ask is proof of 
His nonexistence. 




The fossil record is loaded 
with evidence of His exis- 
tence. You just have to know 
where to look. 



An Alternate Vision 



A Note from 

PeterJ. Snodgrass, Ph.D., 
andVne Imam Perezjaffari 

RE: UD in a Not-So-Intelligent 
World 

When confronted with the grim realities of war, famine, pestilence, 
diarrhea, and Celine Dion, it is not entirely surprising that one might 
be led to consider that our Creator, while all-powerful, might not 
have proven Himselfto be completely infallible. 

While there can be no doubt that the source of creation was in- 
deed the Flying Spaghetti Monster (FSM), and that He did leave mys- 
1. For instance, making terious and ambiguous clues to throw us off track,' we submit that 

Evolution seem plausible. the FSM was care | ess ^ crue |^ drunki or even high when he first laid 

down the template for life as we know it. How else to explain the ex- 
tinction of 99.9 percent of all plant and animal species ever to exist 
on earth? How else to explain the release of not one, but two Deuce 
Bigalow films? 

Without question, we are members of a small and limited minority 
of scientists and religious leaders who deign to question the Creator's 
wisdom in allowing for life-threatening volcanoes, tsunamis, hurri- 
canes, twisters, and plastic surgery gone bad, but as the evidence ac- 
cumulates, we can only posit one undeniable theory: 

TheFSM, ourCreator, isn't very bright. 

Undoubtedly, this statement represents a subtle paradigm shift, 
especially when juxtaposed against the common perception of a 




An Alternate Vision * * 31 



benevolent, all-knowing Creator, but innumerable examples of ques- 
tionable judgment do exist. Something is certainly rotten in Denmark 
when Ben Affleck is allowed to bed both J.Lo and that hottie from 
Alias, while Matt Damon is forced to date his own assistant. We cry 
foul! 

So we hereby state our belief that the universe is a result of " U N I N - 

TELLIGENT DESIGN" (UD). 

Casting social science aside, we can turn to the physical sciences 
to support our claims. 2 Why doesn't the Benevolent and Noodly 
Master get to work and start eradicating mass poverty, cancer, global 
warming, and nuclear proliferation? Is He too busy trying to rekindle 
the low-carb diet craze? 

While this treatise might not appear to meet the normal require- 
ments of an academic paper, let it be said that such was not even our 
intention. This is a work composed by a scientist and a religious 
leader. If science and religion are to live side by side in mutual non- 
judgment, there needs to be a new model for dialogue, one that takes 
into account the interests of both sides. Religious people don't really 
"do" numbers. Scientists can't get dates and don't have a clue what 
real people think. By collecting and presenting a different kind of 
data, we aim to appeal to "Bible thumpers" and "brainiacs" alike. 
Just getting those epithets out on the table can make a difference. 

In fact, we feel better already. Too many resources are being wasted in 
trying to prove intelligence in all we see around us. Wouldn't it be better 
just to throw in the towel, call a spade a spade, and admit that our Cre- 
ator is a dumbass? 



2. The Patel Paradox: Dr. S. 
Patel, Ph.D., notes that the 
Hubble constant reveals a 
universe that is expanding at 
a rate both measurable and 
significant. In spite of that' 
fact, he still can't find a 
parking space. 



*The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

Examples of Unintelligent Design 

1 . T H E DODO. Portuguese sailors, who marveled at this bird's trusting and 
docile nature, gave it the name dodo, meaning "simpleton." Unfortu- 
nately, the dodo was unable to compete in a rapidly changing environ- 
ment, and the bird soon went the way ofthe Portuguese sailor. 

2. THE PASSENGER PIGEON. Once the most populous bird in North America, 
the passenger pigeon's demise can be traced back to the early 1900s 
and McDonald's highly popular but short-lived "McPidgin Sandwich." 

3. T H E IRISH ELK. Neither exclusively Irish nor an elk (it was really a large 
deer), the male of this species attracted mates based on the size of its 
antlers: the larger the antlers, the more attractive the male. As the selec- 
tive pressures for a "nice rack" increased, the head ofthe male grew 

so overburdened that the males began to fall easy prey to the large 
predators* that were moving into northern Europe at the time. All the 
less impressive males just drank themselves to death. 

4. THE LLAMA. The typical llamaisunableto produce milk or eggs, and 
many people can't even spell its name. 

5. T H E APPENDIX. Might once have had value but is 
now completely useless.' No one really knows why 
it remains, although some have been found to 
hold gold coins. 

6. RELIGIOUS WARFARE. Someone has described 

religious warfare as "killing people over who has 
the best invisible friend." We tend to agree. 

7. DISCO. Scientists are still split on this dance 
craze, but the FSM doesn't like it, so it goes on the 
list. 

8. TH E MAC ARENA. True fact: invented by a guy 
named Retardo. 

9. JAR JAR BINKS. Hesa just stupid. 

10. THE DUCK-BILLED PLATYPUS. Q. What creator 

combines a duck with a muskrat? A. Not an intel- 
ligent one. 



FSM vs. ID, on Unlikely Alliance 



The Controversy: Peer Review 

PEOPLE ARE PLAYING POLITICS with science. 

Supporters of Intelligent Design, or ID, have been tar- 
geting education officials and public policy makers in a 
blatant attempt to have their views taught to our nation's students 
as "science." Because 99 percent of the scientific community sup- 
ports the theory of Evolution, ostensibly rejecting ID in the 
process, we find ID proponents arguing that their beliefs should be 
taken directly to the public — thus letting disorientated high school biology 
students decide the issue once and for all.' 1. See chart below. 

This contrasts significantly with conventional scientific methods, 
where researchers are required to submit their work for review by fellow 
scientists in their particular field — a process known as "peer review." 
Such a system serves to weed out unacceptable theories, thus keeping 
science pure and permanently safe from controversy. But ask yourself 
this question: While "peer review" sounds like a good idea, is turning 
to one's peers for their opinions not the wrong way to go? Is it not the 
same as a woman asking her boyfriend, "Do I look fat in this 
blouse/dress/parka?" Regardless of the item of clothing being worn, 

NATIONWIDE POLL OF A CROSS SECTION OF "AVERAGE" 
HIGH SCHOOL BIOLOGY STUDENTS 

What is your opinion of Evolution? 

"Cool" 7 percent 

"Awesome" 8 percent 

"Stupid" 14 percent 

"Is that a new band?" 8 percent 

Didn't have a #2 pencil 62 percent 

Asleep 1 percent 



34 • *The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



2. The lone .01 percent of 
yeses coming from either 
idiots, assholes, or male high 
school students who may or 
may not be using the collo- 
quialism "phat." 

3. The belief that scientists 
don't have any friends is a 
misapprehension. They like 
to hang out with other 
scientists, and sometimes 
computer programmers, and 
talk about themselves. 

4. See The Crucible (20th- 
century Fox, 1996), in which 
Winona Ryder accuses 
several girls of "practicin' 
Satan's magic in Ye Olde 
Shop" in an effort to mask 
her own shoplifting. 



the answer is a resounding "no, you look great" in 99.99 percent of all 
test cases. 2 As a consequence, we argue that the highly secretive "peer re- 
view" system is unfairly hardwired to reinforce the limited viewpoints 
of scientists and their close friends.' 

If the scientists had their way, we wouldn't be discussing ID at all 
today. In fact, you'd have to go all the way back to the Salem witch trials 
before you'd find such close-mindedness and raw hatred for other peo- 
ple's views. 4 But brave school board members — nearly all of whom have 
no scientific background and, in some cases, very little education — have 
declared the current system to be unfair. With the courage of witches, 
they have dared to step forward and redefine science, and we of the 
Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster have decided to stand by them. 

And so we throw our hats into the ring: 

We have uncovered remarkable evidence suggesting that the Flying Spaghetti 
Monster is behind the theory of Intelligent Design, deftly manipulating the de- 
bate with His Noodly Appendage. 



If Not Him, Then Who? 

If we take the Intelligent Design proponents at their word — that ID is 
not religious in nature but simply a scientific alternative to Evolution- 
then the religious background of the proponents of ID should closely 
mirror that of the general public. However, when we look at the data, 
we do not see the expected result. Instead, we find that 95 percent of 
leading ID proponents are evangelical Christians, or ECs. Given that 
evangelical Christians do not even attain such high densities in the 
South, we estimate that there is a .001 percent chance of this nearly 1:1 
ratio of IDs to ECs occurring naturally. Again, accepting the claim that 
ID is a science and not a religion, the only other inference we can draw 
is a supernatural one. 

ID proponents are extremely careful to state their arguments in sec- 
ular language, avoiding calls by many to declare the identity of the de- 
signer. When one looks at ID it is clear that a creator must be present; 



FSA7 vs. ID, an Unlikely Alliance • • 35 



however, the ID proponents are tight-lipped as to who that creator 
might be. If it's a Christian God, why not mention it? You'd think this 
would be important enough to at least be stated somewhere. This leads 
us to determine that the designer is not a Christian God. But if that's 
the case, then who is behind the controversy? 

Clearly, the FSM is behind it. Who else could influence such a uni- 
formly religious group of people to subscribe to the non-Christian, 
nonreligious theory of ID? The FSM is notorious for just this type of 
mischievous intervention, and thus it can only be concluded that the 
FSM is behind the ID movement, which makes sense when you think 
about it. 



Irrefutable Proof 



Some of the greatest thinkers of all time have dedicated their lives to 
proving the existence of God. Thomas Aquinas gave it his best shot, and 
his writings have been confusing college freshmen ever since. Kurt 
Godel used a proof that appears to have employed hieroglyphics; unfor- 
tunately, no one can read hieroglyphics anymore, so we don't know if 
he was successful. Suffice it to say, no one has managed to prove the ex- 
istence of God, and as a result, ID doesn't seem to be provable either. 

And that's what we find in the record. Since ID offers no hypotheses 
of its own, which is a requirement of science, it cannot be considered a 
scientific theory unless we can prove the existence of God. 5 So it turns 
out that the scientific community has good reason to be skeptical of 
the theory of Intelligent Design. But ID proponents rightfully claim 
error or conspiracy on the part of scientists. And here's the hitch: There 
is no conspiracy ... but there is a conspiracy. 



5. Just saying chat a creator 
made the world, when you 
haven't proven that there is a 
creator, doesn't count. 



Ax I . 
Al 2 
Th I 
Df I 
A» 3 
Th2 
Df 2 
Ail 

Tn 3 
Df 3 
Ax 5 
Tk't 



- Vi<|^«) - 4 »<i)l A P(»)] -.P(T) 
P(,f)«J>(») 
P(f) -.0 31 !♦(.)) 
0(1) ..Vf{P(») -» f <«)l 

P(G) 

• 3k 004 

t»«"itw av.K'Kz) -» • v«if(») ->ii.m 

-» • ■><♦) 
G(s) -iGtni 



aw 



Godel 's proof of Cod: 
completely unreadable. 



36 • "The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



6. Arguments based on 
language are useless against 
scientists, since none of them 
have read a real book in 
years. 



7. Whew! Talk about com- 
plexity f Darwin 's Black Box: 
The Biochemical Challenge to 
Evolution by MichaelJ. Behe, 
Free Press, 1996, p. 39). 

8. Same thing. 



The truth is that the FSM is hidden all around us. And He's left clues 
like Italian-style bread crumbs to show us the path to His Eternal 
Noodliness. He's in our language — every time someone tells you to use 
your "noodle" they're unknowingly directing you to turn to Him for 
guidance. And whenever someone talks about a "conspiracy," they're 
just invoking the mischievous nature of Him and His Chosen People, 
the Pirates. 

But language alone isn't undeniable proof for those skeptical scien- 
tists. 6 We need cold, hard facts. To begin, we will look at how the Evolu- 
tionary scientists try to pick apart the work of ID scientists, men like 
Michael J. Behe, who argues in his seminal and frequently incoherent 
tome, Darwin's Black Box: The Biochemical Challenge to Evolution, the con- 
cept of irreducible complexity. Somewhere toward the beginning, Behe 
makes the following damning statement: "By irreducibly complex I mean 
a single system composed of several well-matched, interacting parts 
that contribute to the basic function, wherein the removal of any one of 
the parts causes the system to effectively cease functioning." 7 He then 
goes on to talk about "Evolutionary mechanisms" and "the emergence 
of some complex biochemical cellular systems" and other things that, 
let's face it, sound like mumbo jumbo to laymen and high school biol- 
ogy students." But the point is that this is well-thought-out science, 
nearly irrefutable proof that Behe can talk like a scientist. While the 
Evolutionists respond with computer simulations demonstrating that 
it is possible for irreducible complexity to evolve naturally, I would note 
that it is also possible for me to use my computer to lead an entire army 
of samurai warriors against the greatest generals of their day. Call it a 
wash. 

Both sides have their points to make, but the Church of the Flying 
Spaghetti Monster proposes a simple answer that is more likely, and 
immensely more plausible, which is that the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
is altering our scientific data in an effort to mislead us. It's not the sci- 
entists' fault, for how could they know? The FSM is invisible and passes 
through normal matter with ease. 

While our theory may sound a lot like Intelligent Design, there are 



FSM vs. ID, an Unlikely Alliance • 



important differences between ID and FSMism, the most important 
being that they are wrong and we are right. But we do have some things 
in common, and I think it's important that these are addressed. 

Like ID, we use a slightly nonconventional scientific method, whereby 
we first define our conclusion and then gather evidence to support it. 
Not only does this allow for a more congruous and fluid study, but it 
has to be said that research is much easier when you've already chosen 
your conclusion. In this regard, the ID proponents should be congrat- 
ulated for their ingenuity. Where before scientists were forced to grap- 
ple with unknowns for months, or even years, they will now be able to 
simply choose a convenient conclusion and find evidence to support it. 
And to be completely honest, even though we share this new scientific 
methodology, the ID people must get the credit for developing it first. 

Perhaps one day soon the ID community, too, will be touched by His 
Noodly Appendage andjoin forces with the Pastafarians. The time has 
never been better. Indeed, we live in exciting times, when our noncon- 
ventional supernatural theories are finally being given equal credence 
as the natural, or "unbiased, evidence-supported" theories. We should 
all feel fortunate to be living in such open-minded times. 

And now, ladies and gentlemen, we have some proving to do! 



Communion test 




Abstract 

WHILE SUPERNATURAL EXPLANATIONS provide surpris- 
ingly irrefutable evidence that the Flying Spaghetti 
Monster is (1) present in the universe, and (2) ac- 



tively using His Noodly Appendage to spread goodness and affordable 
nutrition to the true believers, it is important to provide quantifiable 
evidence in support of our claims. As such, we have devised a scientific 
test as proof of His existence. This test is both repeatable and easily ver- 
ifiable by a third party, and the Church of the FSM encourages all 
doubters to use the following experimental evidence to prove to them- 
selves what we already know to be true. 

Background 

It has been suggested that the communion served by the Church of the 
Flying Spaghetti Monster will lead to better and more long-lasting nu- 
tritional benefits than, say, the Christian communion. Through deduc- 
tive reasoning, this can be taken to provide evidence ofHis Noodliness. 

Method 

1. People. As support for this thesis, we selected two subjects' of average height, 

weight, and intelligence. We then placed them on a seventy-two-hour 
fast in order to reduce outside factors. After seventy-two hours, one 
subject was given the Christian communion, consisting of a paper-thin 
wafer. The other subject was given the FSM communion, consisting of 
a large portion of spaghetti and meatballs. 



Communion Cesl • * 39 



Results 

Both subjects had their vitals recorded before and after communion. 
Upon completion of the test, the Christian was found to be listless, 
with decreased heart rate, body temperature, and brain function. The 
Pastafarian recorded increased heart rate, body temperature, and brain 
function, commenting that he felt "full," which we interpreted to mean 
whole' 



CHRISTIAN vs. FSM COMMUNION TEST 



S 5 



Chnitian* Pastafanam 
Communion Subjects 



Addendum 

Some may say that 1,200 calories of spaghetti versus 2 calories of wafer 
do not make a fair and valid experiment, and they may have a point.' 
We have sought to keep the experiment as 
close to a realistic communion setting as pos- 
sible, but in the interest of science, we've de- 
vised an additional experiment, whereby each 
subject receives the same total number of 
calories. Our findings were that the Christian 
became violently ill upon consuming 2,500 
calories in wafers (or 1,250 wafers) 4 while the 
Pastafarian continued to show increased vi- 
tals, thus illustrating His Noodly Presence. 



2. That is, the FSM test sub- 
ject was showing signs of His 
presence. 



3. Although this is a super- 
naturally based study, it is 
important to highlight that 
nosy scientists want to see 
proof that their "peers" will 
support. Therefore, we agree 
to jump through a couple of 
hoops, if that's what it's 
going to take to make them 
see His Noodliness. 

4. Probably due to the fact 
that communion wafers are 
basically made out of card- 
board. 





Sacrilicious 



Unified Spaghetti Cheory 




The more we learn about the world around us, the more we see 
that life and the universe were created in His image. From inter- 
connected forces on the grandest of scales, down to matter's tini- 
est bits, we see His Noodliness in everything. To illustrate this, we 
have devised the following simple recipe. 



Life 



INGREDIENTS 
Boiling water 

Elementary particles made from "string" 
Salt 




Before the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
made life, He had to first make the ele- 
mentary particles that would eventu- 
ally compose all matter as we know it. 
This was a very complicated process, 
but we have developed a much sim- 
pler method, one that you can try at 
home. First, take apiece of subatomic 
"string," which naturally is just an in- 
credibly small strand of wet spaghetti, 
so tiny that it cannot be seen by even 
the most powerful of microscopes. 
Life evolved from hot, Next, give the string a unique vibration. Now repeat, giving each new 

boiling springs. string a different vibration so as to create more unique particles. Con- 

gratulations! You have created particles of matter. Be sure to collect the 
particles into a secure vessel for later use. 



Unified Spaghetti Cheory • • 41 



Now we are ready to make life. In 
order to re-create the steaming "primor- 
dial broth" that originally spawned life, 
you must first bring your water to a 

heavy boil. Salt liberally. Now add your elementary particles and wait 
about an hour. 1 When you begin to see small spiral components 
forming — they will resemble fusilli when they're ready — that means 
you're almost there. Remember not to drain the water! Now apply in- 
tense overhead heat for about an hour. 2 

Continue boiling and applying intense overhead heat. Eventually, 
you will begin to see small "organisms" appearing in your broth. Give 
yourself a pat on the back: You've created life! 



Artist rendition of what a 
very small piece of spaghetti 
might look like. 

1 . Cooking time may vary. 

2. Or possibly several million 
years. 



A careful review of the evidence shows clearly that life was generated 
from the simplest piece of pasta,' and that all life has since radiated to 
more or less resemble His image. But the Spaghedeity didn't stop there. 
In fact, science tells us that the 



universe itself is composed of 
nothing more than an enor- 
mous matrix of strings, vibrat- 
ing to their own Noodly music, 
forming a single, unified, co- 
herent framework of invisible 
spaghetti. In short, it's all one 
eternal bowl of pasta. 

More attentive readers will 
note that we've failed to ad- 
dress the image of man. While 
other religions make the claim that humans were created in God's 
image — and they are nearly correct in this assumption — they are guilty 
of using reverse logic to reach this conclusion. What they don't discern 
is that we were created in His ideal image: that of the Pirate. Since then 
we've only come to resemble other people's gods. 



3. Pagan scientists have 
misidentified it as "strings.' 




A * 



DNA, which is the building 
block of life, bears a striking 
resemblance to fusilli pasta. 



42 • 'Che Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



4. For example, motorized 
wheelchairs. 



It is important that we return to the ways of the Pirate before it's too 
late. In fact, recent science suggests that our departure from the Pirate's 
way has led us toward a previously 
unforeseen end. As our brains and 
bodies grow in size, and as ma- 
chines 4 replace the need for physi- 
cal strength and agility, we may 
find ourselves the victims of an 
ironic twist of Creation. If current 
trends persist, the day may come 
when people of the future actually 
do resemble His image. This illus- 
tration, which was created by a sci- 
entist, may help. 

With this evidence in mind, we 
suggest that you get yourself an 
eye patch and become a Pastafar- 
ian before it's too late. 




Convert or die! 




The future of mankind? 



Unified Spaghetti Cheory * • 43 
Early Life: In His Image 




More evidence 




THE MAJORITY OF PROOFS of His existence appear to 
come from scientists, and scientists appear, in large 
part, to come from colleges and universities. Therefore, 
we thought it would 
prove enlightening to 
look more closely at 
these institutes of 
higher learning and 
try to find some evi- 
dence of His Noodly 
Appendage at work. 

We came up with 
some interesting re- 
sults. 




1. See every college gradua- 
tion speech through time. 




Life on Campus 

It is well known that college 
students are our best hope for 
the future.' These intrepid in- 
dividuals are willing to pay 
thousands of dollars of their 
parents' money just to read 
books, so it goes without say- 
ing that learning is very im- 
portant to them. But what 
exactly are they learning? 

If you examine the research 
on this subject you will see 
that, while many students do 



More evidence • * 45 



in fact spend time reading books ofknowledge, they also spend equal 
or greater amounts of time drinking beer. You may ask what beer has 
to do with learning, and many doubters will argue that there's no link 
whatsoever, but we have uncovered some surprising evidence for the 
benefits of beer consumption. Beer acts as an important nutritional 
supplement to the college student, but that's not really important. 

Beer is also the official beverage of Pirates, who are His Chosen Peo- 2. Also known as "grog, 
pie. With that in mind, we ask you: Could the Flying Spaghetti Mon- 
ster be behind this? Is he trying to turn college students back into 
Pirates? 

Furthermore, it's an accepted fact that there are an uncanny amount 
of Ramen noodles and dried pastas on college campuses, which provide 
cheap nutrition for students, thus allowing them to afford more beer. 
This points yet another finger at the Flying Spaghetti Monster's influ- 
ence. Clearly, He is at work in our institutions of higher learning, and 
this can only bode well for the country's future. 

Money 

College costs money — a lot. 
Yet education in itself is not 
of much value. For example, 
we can look to the general 
public's almost complete dis- 
regard for anything that edu- 
cated people have to say about 
global warming, shrinking oil 
reserves, pollution, or the 

threat ofnuclear annihilation. But if this is true, why does something as 
worthless as a college diploma cost so much money? To understand this 
question, we examined the unique and often bizarre relationship between 
college and money, and our research led us to an interesting finding. 

It appears that a college education has been given an artificially high 
price tag in order to leave students with little money left over for the 




46 • * The Gospel of the Plying Spaghetti Monster 



basic requirements of living. Burdened by poverty, students are induced 
to drink cheap beer and eat pasta — in short, they are forced to act like 
Pirates and Pastafarians — and we can only conclude that this is some 
part of His greater plan to spread FSMism. If the students truly are our 
future, so, it would appear, is Pastafarianism. 



Food for the soul. 




Poorly evolved?. . . Or just lazy? 




Kiwi Birds: Flightless? 

^L^^ EVOLUTIONISTS CONTEND that flightless birds— for example, 
the kiwi bird of New Zealand — never developed the ability to 
^^L^^J fly ■ The old argument goes that, having no natural predators 
in their area, there was never a reason to evolve the ability. 

While I'll agree that I've never seen a kiwi bird fly, I disagree with the 
statement that they can'tfly. How do we know? Couldn't it just be that 
they choose not to? You'll never see me running, but there's a good 
chance I could. 

Kiwi birds, besides being completely spherical, are well known to be 
one of nature's laziest animals. Consider the speed with which they are 
going extinct — it is almost as if they are trying to get eaten. I contend, 
then, that they can fly, but simply lack the proper motivation. So, to set- 
tle the debate once and for all, I've devised an experiment that any Evo- 
lutionist may carry out in an attempt to prove me wrong. 



1 . Throwing them out of an 
airplane might work better. 
In addition, perhaps a kiwi 
bird sitting in a blender 
would be motivated to fly out 
before the switch is thrown. 



Dump Truck Over Cliff 

You will need as large a sample size as possible for this experiment, as 
some kiwis are bound to be lazier than others. Twenty to thirty is prob- 
ably sufficient, but it's better to err on the side of too many if you have 
a sufficient supply. Load the birds into the back of a truck and proceed 
to the highest cliff available — we want to give them as much motivation 
to fly as possible. After backing the truck to the edge of the cliff, incline 
the bed and dump the birds over the edge. 

I suspect that the birds, seeing their fate rushing toward them at ter- 
minal velocity, 1 will flap their "useless" wings and fly to safety. 

Until such time as this experiment is carried out — or one similar to it — 
I will consider my hypothesis to be correct. 



EXPLAINING PASTAFARIANISM 



Man cannot live by bread alone. 

— MOSES, DEUTERONOMY 13:7 



A Condensed History of the World 




and a bunch of planets, including Earth. No one except 
Himself was around to see it, but we suspect it was rather 



THE FLYING SPAGHETTI MONSTER created the universe 



Five Thousand Years Ago: The Beginning 



dull. The initial creation, obviously, must have been spectacular, but He 
then spent the next ten to one hundred years painstakingly preparing 
the universe to appear older than it actually is. Photons were placed in- 
dividually, en route to earth, ostensibly emitted millions of years ago 
from stars across the galaxy. In reality, we know that each photon was 
divinely placed and red-shifted 1 appropriately to make the universe ap- 
pear to be billions of years old. We are still finding His camouflage 
methods at work today; each time scientists discover apparent evidence 
of a billions-of-years-old universe, we can be assured that this is just 
more elaborate preparation He put in place. 

Earth was created in approximately 0.062831853 seconds and was 
similarly disguised to appear much older. We can be certain that the 
FSM spent even more time preparing the earth, because, being all- 
knowing, He was well aware that soon enough there would be nosy peo- 
ple poking around everywhere. Known as "scientists," these nosy 
people have a sick need — probably sexually motivated 2 — to figure out 
how things work, and so it was even more important that our apparent 
reality be well designed to hide the truth. 

Our Noodly Creator then placed fossils, hidden under the earth's 
surface, knowing that they would later be found — thus, seemingly prov- 
ing that these creatures existed some time ago. Dinosaur bones, for ex- 
ample, were placed so well and in such numbers that it's widely believed 
dinosaurs roamed the earth millions of years ago. Interestingly, di- 
nosaurs did exist, but not millions of years ago, because, of course, how 
could they have existed before the earth was even here? In reality they 
lived with us, alongside — and occasionally on top of — humans around 
three thousand years ago. 



1. The universe appears to be 
expanding, much like cooked 
pasta, as illustrated by ob- 
served light from distant 
galaxies shifting toward the 
Marinara Spectrum. Some 
scientists cite this as support 
for His preference for red 
sauce, but they are most 
likely idiots. 

2. As evidence of sexual mo- 
tivation on the part of scien- 
tists, let's choose an 
occupation at random, say 
gynecology. These so-called 
professionals spend their en- 
tire lives looking at female 
sex organs — or poontang, as 
it's known in academic cir- 
cles. Look a little deeper into 
the fold, and you will find 
that nearly 99 percent of all 
gynecologists have a scien- 
tific background. To illus- 
trate just how significant that 
is, pick another group at ran- 
dom — say, myself. I'm not a 
scientist, and I hardly ever 
see female sex organs. I find 

it hard to believe this is just a 
coincidence. I'm not saying 
all scientists are perverts, but 
I think it's safe to say that 
nearly all of them are. 



• The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

You may wonder why we find no bones from dinosaurs from this era, 
and rightly so. But keep in mind that dinosaurs don't actually have 
bones — the whole dinosaurs had bones thing is all an elaborate hoax 
planned for His own divine amusement. Real dinosaurs, as any enlight- 
ened paleontologist — or bone doctor, as they prefer to be called — will tell 
you, were able to stand erect by engorging selected muscles with blood, 
making the once flaccid limb rigid. By alternating which muscles were 
engorged in the correct sequence, a very effective locomotion and rudi- 
mentary skeletal structure was achieved. Perverted readers may recog- 
nize that this mechanism is similar to what happens in the male penis. 
Dinosaurs were, in essence, not much more than a massive collection of 
penises (penii) under a thick skin. While very few accurate descriptions 
of these creatures have existed into present times, we can be pleased to 
learn that awareness of them has propagated generationally in our cul- 
ture. Most men don't even realize that when they exaggerate the size of 
their penis — referring to it as "monstrous" or "dinosaurlike" — they are 
helping to keep alive the hidden truth of the strange and horny beasts 
we know as dinosaurs. 

Some time later, as society progressed, the attention of mankind 
moved away from dinosaurs — by now they had been conquered and 
placed under the control of men for work and play — and instead man 
turned to philosophical thought. The question of our origins came up, 
and it was decided, based on the apparent natural evidence, that all 
creatures had evolved from a common ancestor over time some mil- 
lions ofyears ago. 



Twenty-five Hundred Years Ago: 
The Golden Age of Pirates 

What happened next is still a mystery. Mankind up until this time had 
been successfully duped by the FSM, wrongly believing that natural ex- 
planations could explain our origins. One would think that the FSM 
Himself would be pleased by this, as He had gone to so much trouble 



A Condensed History of the World* * 53 



disguising His creation work. But for whatever reason, He felt the need 
to expose the truth to us. This was the date, some twenty-five hundred 
years ago, that He first revealed His Noodly Appendage to us, showing 
us the way. From this point on, those who accepted His message knew 
that we were to live a certain way — on the water in great wooden ships, 
loaded with grog, swag, and, hopefully, wenches. This was His will, and 
so it was done. 

Unfortunately, many of the details from this era are lost to us, possi- 
bly because many ships sank, due to overloading. Swag is very heavy, 
and these, the first Pastafarians, showed less than 100 percent perfect 
judgment, having drunk too much grog. What we do know, though, is 
that this was the Golden Age of the Pirate lifestyle. Millions, possibly 
hundreds, of Pirate ships roamed the world's oceans and maybe lakes, 
searching for a good time, spreading joy and maybe VD to whomever 
they came into contact with. 

What we're told of Pirates in history books today is blatantly wrong. 
Thieves and outcasts they were not — these were His Chosen People, the 
ones who listened and followed His divine plan, whatever it was. The 
commonly propagated myth that Pirates were thieves can be traced, un- 
surprisingly, to the Christian theologists of the Middle Ages. It's just 
another example of the discrimination and misinformation that we've 
had to contend with over the years, and another reason Pastafarians 
have been so secretive about their beliefs. 

Regardless of the lies told about them, the first Pastafarians were 
peace-loving explorers and spreaders of goodwill, not bloodthirsty 
criminal Pirates. In fact, they were well known to distribute candy to 
passing children, thus establishing what is now known as Halloween. 

Of course it was not all good times. Not everyone was a believer, and 
some rejected His Word and felt the need to go out on the ocean in their 
own (probably lame) ships and pick fights with the Pastafarians. Most 
notable was Noah, ofbiblical fame, who slapped together a monstrous 
barge made of wood and whatever else was around — probably dirt, who 
knows? Noah, well known for his love' of animals, always had plenty 3. Perverted coveting, 
around. So when he found himself with a lack of building materials, he 



54 • • The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



4. Possibly these were porcu- 
pines. Also, some scholars 
believe that Noah might have 
hurled stab-rabbits, a since- 
extinct species of rabbit pos- 
sessing weaponlike points all 
over its body. Despite their 
love of sex, the stab-rabbits 
ultimately went extinct be- 
cause they could not bring 
themselves to go through 
with copulation, the pain 
being too great — much like 
modern-day men who are 
married to fatties. 

5. Giant ones, for riding. 

6. Although they have wisely 
developed another descrip- 
tion of events. 

7. There are no mentions of 
Pirates or grog, and only a 
few of wenches in the 
Christian Bible. 



decided to use hundreds of defenseless animals as ballast — mainly the 
slowest, dumbest, and most dense that he could come across. 

It's not known exactly what occurred during this time of Noah and 
the Pirates, but enough historical texts have survived through the years 
to get a rough picture of the events that transpired. Noah, alone except 
for his animals/ballast, propelled by jealousy and maybe a group of 
talking seals, set forth in search of Pastafarians. Unfortunately for 
Noah, he found one of the most bad-ass Pirate ships around, and 
started talking way too much smack. The Pastafarians, being above all 
peaceful, and maybe drunk, ignored his verbal abuse. It was only when 
Noah, ever the dick, physically attacked the Pastafarian ship by hurling 
from his bow the pointiest of animals 4 that the Pastafarians took no- 
tice. We are told that the largest, scariest of the Pastafarians swam, or 
maybe just jumped, from ship to ship — they were that powerful — and 
confronted Noah. 

Immediately seeing the error of his ways, Noah offered some turtles 
or something as a way of apologizing. The Pastafarians, probably having 
plenty of their own turtles,' said no deal, and proceeded to intimidate 
the bejesus out ofNoah. We don't know exactly what was said, but it's 
clear that Noah wet himself to such an extent that even Christians asso- 
ciate him with "the Great Flood.'" Needless to say, he never mistreated 
animals again — not even chickens, who are pretty much asking for it.' 



1700 to Today: Of Pasta and Pirates 

For centuries after that, no one messed with the Pirates, and the nat- 
ural order of things was kept in balance. Although swag and grog sent 
many a ship to the bottom of the sea, losing important historical doc- 
umentation in the process, the Pirates lived a life of peace and merri- 
ment, spreading His Word as far as places like Belgium. 

They continued to celebrate Halloween and, during the last two 
months of every year, took time off from sailing the seas to relax and 
spend time with their families during their most holiest time of Holi- 



A Condensed History of the World* * 55 



day.* But there were dark storms on the horizon, and the Pirates did 
not know what evil awaited them. 

Convinced of the inherent evil of Pirates, Hari Krishnas, who are de- 
scended from Ninjas, banded together at various seaports' and declared 
a holy war against the Pirates. By tens ofthousands, maybe even dozens, 
they boarded steel-plated kayaks and paddled out in search of Pirates, 
whom they intended to annihilate from the four corners of the earth. 
You might think that the FSM would have noticed the Hari Krishnas 
and protected His Chosen People, but He mistook the Krishnas for just 
another musical band of seagoing beggars, or maybe fishermen singing 
their shanties, and He let them pass unharmed. As the first Krishnas ar- 
rived at a Pirate ship on Halloween, the Pirates mistook them for overly 
dedicated trick-or-treaters. What followed next was mass slaughter as 
the Pirates tried to pass out treats while the Krishnas beat and sliced 
them to death with their double-bladed kayak paddles. Sadly, this pat- 
tern was repeated several times that day. The next year was even worse. 

Eventually, the Pirates retreated to hidden coves where they could 
keep a lookout for the bloodthirsty Krishna bastards. Was there some- 
thing in the Krishnas' singing that blinded the Pirates to their evil? We 
may never know. And while mainstream education tells us that Pirates 
were hunted down because they were thieves, killers, etc., this is largely 
a misinformation campaign propagated by the Krishnas and many of 
the other religions that banded together to begin their systematic as- 
sault on the Pirates' worship of the FSM. 

Hunted nearly to extinction, the Pirates were indeed quite pissed off 
for several centuries, and the textbooks reveal every detail of the looting 
and pillaging but are suspiciously quiet about the fact that Pirates were 
well known for passing out candy to children."' The sad truth is that 
the other religions were jealous of the Pirates and their happy 
lifestyles — it's that simple. Thankfully for the Pirates, the attacks even- 
tually slowed down and then nearly stopped altogether as the other re- 
ligions inevitably turned against one another. Which is where we find 
ourselves today. 



8. Today, portions of this pe- 
riod are known as various 
holidays — Christmas, 
Chanukah, Kwanza, and 
others — except at Wal-Mart, 
where it is still considered 
Holiday, as in "Happy 
Holiday, and Welcome tc 
Wal-Mart." 

9. And later at airports. 



10. If you ever read a Pirate 
textbook, you'd think they 
were Jesus. 



56 • *The Gospel of the flying Spaghetti Monster 



1 1 . Most Celtic artwork re- 
sembles the FSM (see illustra- 
tion), which leads us to 
believe that many Pirates 
simply became druids. Also, 
there is a striking similarity 
between midgets and 
leprechauns. 

12. Possibly believing that all 
the Hari Krishnas had moved 
to California. 



While it is becoming common knowledge that declining Pirate num- 
bers are a direct result of religious persecution, what is not yet known is 
what happened to the remaining Pirates and where they are located. 

Sadly, many Pirates simply hid their treasures, gave away their giant 
turtles, and retired, moving to places like Ireland 11 and, ironically, 
India. 12 Others hid out in the Straits of Malaysia, while some formed 
well-known sports franchises. What is little known about our mystical 
forerunners is that in addition to hiding treasure, Pirates sought to 
conceal their religious texts. In fact, the treasure was included largely to 
ensure that others would go out and look for these documents in the 
future, during more tolerant times. On this count, the Pirates were 
wildly successful, as there are still treasure hunters searching for an- 
cient Pirate loot. Unfortunately, many of our original texts 
have been lost, as their importance was overlooked, 
being mistaken for recipes in some cases. 




A fine example of Celtic- 

Pastafarian-Pirate-Christian 

craftsmanship. 




Key Moments in FSM History 



They say that a picture is worth a thousand words, and since we're 
well into the book now, and tired, we thought it would be helpful 
to provide some key moments in Pastafarianism — Photoshop-style! 



58 • 'Che Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 




This early cave painting 
suggests that the FSM might 
have tried to interfere with 
aboriginal hunters in an 
effort to get them to eat 
more pasta. Ultimately, He 
succeeded, only to see the 
aborigines establish a world- 
wide chain of mediocre 
steakhouses. 




— o 




\ W' W 


if 




i 






•j 






vi 






\ \ X 






The pharaohs sought protection 
from the FSM in the afterlife. In 
spite of their wealth, it appears 
that they're still waiting. 



The Great Wall of China, 
one of the few man-made 
objects that can be seen 
from the heavens, is 
suspected to be a tribute 
to the FSM. 



Key Moments in FSM History • • 59 



Originally misidentified as 
cracks, this partial pedimen- 
tal sculpture of the FSM 
reveals that Western civiliza- 
tion was founded on a deep 
reverence for Pastafarianism. 




Somehow Michelangelo snuck this one past the pope. Since 
then it has gone on to become one of the most commonly 
downloaded pieces of art ever produced. 




TOUCHED BYHIS NOODLY APPENDAGE 



60 • *The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 




Intimidated by the FSM's 
great intellect, the Founding 
Fathers decided to include 
a clear separation between 
church and state. They 
wouldn't even let Him sign 
their declaration and had 
His image painted over in 
the final portrait. 




When Ben Franklin described 
electricity as "aNoodly 
power cast down to earth," 
he was more correct than 
people realized. 



Key Moments in FSM History • • 6 1 




Einstein secretly consults the FSM, 
who reiterates that He indeed does 
not play dice with the universe. 




You didn't think NASA got us 



there all on their own, did you? 



Bobby Answers the Big Questions 



Q: What sort of pasta is the Flying Spaghetti Monster made of? 

Wheat? Semolina? 
A: There's some debate about this — Western culture contending He 

is wheat-based, while in the East they believe He's made of rice 

or buckwheat. We don't know the truth, and maybe we're not 

meant to. 

Q: Why do modern-day Pirates, sports teams called "Pirates," and Pi- 
rate costumes not affect global weather, given that there is a sta- 
tistically significant link between Pirate numbers and global 
temperature? 

A: Calling oneself a Pirate, or dressing up as one, does not make one 
a true Pirate; it takes much more. In what way are modern-day 
"Pirates," with their speedboats and machine guns, similar to the 
fun-loving adventurous buccaneers from history? How can sports 
teams, with their obsession over rules and regulations, claim to 
embody the mischievous spirit of the Pirate? 

Dressing up as a Pirate comes closer, and we can sometimes see 
an effect on weather. Halloween Pirates, for example, are at least 
trying to emulate true Pirate behavior, sometimes with important 
details such as wenches and grog. We can see solid evidence that 
they are indeed making a difference on weather patterns; the 
several months following Halloween are always colder than the 
several preceding it — just as the Pirates-temperature causal rela- 
tionship predicts. 

Talk Like a Pirate Day ( www.talklikeapirate.com ) is another 
good example of how acting like a Pirate can influence the 
weather. Every September 19, millions, if not thousands, of people 
communicate in Pirate-speak, a subtle nod to their Creator, and a 



64 • • The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

conscientious effort to curb global warming. And with great suc- 
cess. Since its creation several years ago, the temperature on Sep- 
tember 19 each year has been colder than on the day I picked 
scientifically at random — July 10 — without exception. Just a coinci- 
dence? Unlikely. 

Q: How do you reconcile the glaring inconsistencies and contradic- 
tions in the FSM religion? 

A: First, all of these seeming flaws were carefully put in place, by 
Him, to test His followers' faith. Second, a certain amount of in- 
consistency is necessary for a religion to become widespread — for 
example, Christianity, Islam, and so on. 

Q: If the FSM is benevolent, why do bad things happen to good 
people? 

A: They may have angered Him, or it could be that He is too busy, or 
indifferent for whatever reason, to get involved. He works in mys- 
terious ways that we are not always able to understand. 

Q: Does He hear my prayers? 

A: Yes, but that is not to say they will necessarily be answered. To in- 
crease your odds, it's recommended that you wear Pirate regalia or 
at least an eye patch. 

Q: Are the other religions wrong? 

A: No, they're just misguided. We accept converts from other reli- 
gions with open arms. 

Q: What about atheists and the followers of other religions — hea- 
thens — will these people go to Hell? 

A: No, but they may not be allowed into the best areas of FSM 
Heaven. The safest thing to do is to convert now. Think of it this 
way: If you convert to Pastafarianism, and the FSM turns out 



Bobby Answers the Big Questions • 



not to exist, nothing is lost. On the other hand, if you don't con- 
vert, and the FSM does exist, then you have just been royally 
screwed. 

Q: If there's a Beer Volcano and a Stripper Factory in Heaven, what's 
FSM Hell like? 

A: We're not entirely certain, but we imagine it's similar to FSM 
Heaven, only the beer is stale and the strippers have venereal dis- 
eases. Not unlike Las Vegas. 

Q: Are there male strippers in FSM Heaven for women? 
A: Probably, but they are invisible to the non-homo guys. 

Q: Your "religion" offends my (probably Christian) beliefs. 
A: That's not a question. 

Q: Your "religion" offends my beliefs. What should I do about feeling 
mocked? 

A: Our alternative beliefs are in no way mocking your beliefs more 
than yours mock ours. FSM believers are peaceful, open-minded, 
well educated, and reject dogma outright. We've never started a 
war and have never killed others for their opposing beliefs. Com- 
pare our record to yours. 

Q: Where does the FSM exist? 

A: We're not sure exactly, because He's invisible most of the time and 
rarely makes His presence known. Prayers don't seem to reach 
Him until well after they're prayed. This leads us to believe there is 
some sort of time dilation effect. Plus, so many prayers are offered 
to Him that even He wouldn't have the time to hear them all with- 
out a time dilation effect. For this reason, we suspect He spends a 
great deal of time orbiting a black hole. 



"The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
Q: Does the FSM have a sense of humor? 

A: We can see the FSM's sense of humor by looking at the way He 
deals with other religions. Consider how often evangelical Chris- 
tians, those who ostensibly promote peace, are aligned with pro- 
war groups. Clearly, this is the work of the FSM, bringing together 
opposites. If there was no divine influence, the conflict of interest 
would be obvious to both groups; that they can't see it smacks of 
Noodly interference. 



WWAPD? 



f IN THESE TRYING TIMES, where the world keeps shrinking and the 
trappings of modern society — cell phones, computers, PDAs, video 
games, taxes, war, pornography, and microwavable dinners — are 
crowding in around us, oftentimes a person feels lost. Where do we fit 
in this modern world? What's our purpose on earth? 
Many are mired in eternal confusion, swept against the shoals of too 
many choices. Maybe you feel this way right now. 

If so, don't lose your faith. Instead, close your eyes and think back to 
a simpler time when the choices were fewer, when life passed as long 
days under the benevolent sun, and a man knew where he stood. Even 
if it was on a peg leg. 

If life has got you down, simply ask yourself: What would a Pirate do? 
Asking this question will no doubt lead you along a path that starts 
at a local inn, where the first answer awaits you . . . 

1. A PIRATE WOULD DRINK SOME GROG. 

If grog isn't the bread of life, it's certainly what you need to keep that 
bread from catching in your gullet. Grog opens the mind and frees the 
soul. It also frees the inhibitions, so be mindful in your search that you 
don't obtain grog goggles. Too much grog can make for questionable 
bunkmates, and if you're wearing an eye patch you're already a couple 
of cards behind in the game. 

Once the mind has been appropriately lubricated, you may find that 
it wanders. This is good, for a wandering mind is a searching mind. And 
yet, if the mind strays too far, you may find yourself asking the wrong 
questions or even turning forgetful. Which leads you to .. . 

2. A PIRATE WOULD OBTAIN A PARROT. 

Parrots are renowned across the seas for repeating (or "parroting") the 
words of humans. When a Pirate can't recall what he's just said, he can 



• The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

always just wait a second or two for the parrot to repeat his words (for 
example, "Aaaak! Me hook is caught in me bonnie's blouse"). A good 
parrot is essential to a happy and prosperous life of plunder, but par- 
rots are about as scarce as Pirates these days. In a pinch you can substi- 
tute a computer, PDA, or even a diary to do your parroting for ye. 

But computers, PDAs, diaries, and parrots are no substitute for true 
bonhomie. And drinking alone, even with a parrot perched on your 
shoulder, is not the Pirate way. This brings us to step three: 

3. FIND YE A BAND OF MARAUDERS. 

All the greats had a merry band of marauders to assist them — toothless, 
unshaven, and smelly. Seek for yourself a group of similar ilk. They will 
lift you up when you are down. And when you are whipped up into a 
bloodlust, you will find that they ground you. Blackbeard speaks of a 
time when he was at his most vulnerable — he looked back on the beach to 
see only one set offoot and peg leg prints. It was then that his first mate, 
"OP Longshanks," had carried him along the shore. Words to live by. 

Once you have found your grog, your parrot, and your band of ma- 
rauders, you are ready to act like a true Pirate. And what does a Pirate 
want most? He wants a Pirate ship . .. 

4. IF YOU CAN'T STEAL ONE, BUILD YAR SHIP. 

A Pirate just isn't a Pirate if he doesn't own a seaworthy vessel. You may 
have an eye patch, you may even have a parrot and a peg leg, but the 
true goal of any Pirate worth his weight in doubloons is to gain a means 
of travelin' the Seven Seas. A ship gives you true meaning. It provides 
transport and opens the world to ye. Without one, you're just a guy in 
a funny outfit. 

So now ye have the trappings of a real Pirate. What are ye going to do 
with 'em? 

5. FIND THEE A WENCHI 

Or if you're a wench, find thee a Pirate!' Wenches and Pirates go to- 
gether like spaghetti and spaghetti sauce. 2 Now hit the seas and take 
what's comin' to ye!!! 



WWADD?' 



The journey is a long one, and the voyage can sometimes be monot- 
onous — long hours spent with the same merry band, consuming the 
same grog and gruel for months on end, bunking with the same wench. 
There's only one way to avoid Pirate malaise. 

6. WHEN IN DOUBT, PLUNDER!! 

The only way to avoid inaction is to take action. Examine yer charts and 
locate a sleepy fishing village. 
Then plunder it! 

Find a town inhabited by wealthy noblemen. 
And plunder them! 

These days it's too easy to sit back and find excuses. If you want to 
see what's out there, go see it. Then plunder, plunder, plunder. 

With these basic Pirate principles, you should be able to live out your 
days in happiness and prosperity. Follow them at all times, remember- 
ing their importance most when you're lost and in the doldrums. And 
if by chance you find that you still can't put wind into your sails, remem- 
ber this last point. . . 

7. ARRRGHM! 

To accept the Pirate life is to accept the eternal Arrrgh!!! Without it, 
you're just another landlubber. 



Che Holy Noodle 




HEN THE FSM SAID, "Let there be light," and there was 
light. And the FSM adjusted his willowy eyestalks and saw 
that the light was good; and the FSM divided the light 



Che First Day: Light 



from the darkness. He called the light Day, and the darkness He called 
Night or "Prime Time." So the evening and the morning were the first 
day. 



The FSM was tired of flying and He couldn't tread water for very long, so 
he said, "Let there be firmament in the midst of the waters, and let the fir- 
mament form coves to one day provide safe harbor for Pirates — no, wait, 
firmament is a stupid word; let it be called land, since 'firmament-ho !' 
sounds even stupider thanjust plain firmament — and let this land divide 
the waters from the waters. And let there be a volcano to spew forth beer, 
which seems like a benevolent idea." And the volcano spewed forth beer 
and He tasted it and declared it to be quite good. So the evening and the 
morning were the second day. 



When the FSM awoke, his thoughts were muddled and He didn't 
know where He was. Slightly hungover, and somewhere out in the In- 
dian Ocean, the FSM found himself a little confused about what He'd 
created the day before; and so, self-conscious about the previous night's 
misbehavior, He started barking Godlike orders in an attempt to 
reestablish His powerfulness, and then the FSM decided to organize. 
He said, "Let the water under the heavens be gathered together in one 
place, and let the dry land appear" (having forgotten about Day Two's 
firmament command), and He called the dry land Earth (having only 



/ 



Che Second Day: Che Firmament 



Che Chird Day: Land and Vegetation 



Che Holy Noodle* 



yesterday come up with the term Land), and the gathering together of 
the waters He called Seas. And the FSM dried His Noodly Appendages 
under the hot Light, and He saw that it was good but that there was a 
little problem. For now He had an earth full of Land and Firmament, 
which wouldn't do. So he lifted Day Two's firmament up to the heavens 
and renamed it Heaven. The land from Day Three He left where it was. 
Heaven seemed like the sweeter pad, and the FSM decided He'd live 
there and commute to the earth. Then the FSM said, "Let the earth 
bring forth grass, semolina, rice, and whatever else can be turned into 
food that resembles my Noodly Appendages," and He saw that this was 
an original idea, which was certainly good. That night He drank a little 
less from the Beer Volcano, which was relocated to Heaven along with 
the rest of the firmament. So the evening and the morning were the 
third day. 



Che Fourth Doy: the Sun, the Moon, the Stars 

At this point, the FSM was a little sore from overexertion. It was diffi- 
cult for Him to find a comfortable resting position during the night, 
which was darker than squid-ink pasta would eventually be. So He said, 
"Let there be lights in the heavens, and let there be two lights: the 
greater light to rule the day, and the lesser to rule the night." And since 
He had big plans for the next day, He turned in early. So the evening 
and the morning were the fourth day. 



Che Fifth Day: Che Big Bang 

The fifth day was going to be huge, so the FSM rose early. Then He said, 
"Let the waters abound, let the skies fill with birds, let the earth bring 
forth creatures, each according to its kind. Then let them canoodle and 
be fruitful." And He saw that it was good, and He was feeling pretty 
proud of Himself, so He hit the Beer Volcano hard that afternoon. 

Later that evening He rolled out of bed and landed hard on the fir- 
mament, and this, fair reader, was the true Big Bang. He had a funny 



• The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

feeling and realized in His drunken stupor that He had not only built a 
factory in Heaven that turned out scantily clad women in transparent 
high heels, but He'd also created a midget on earth, whom He called 
Man. And He said, "Wow. Even I might have overreached my Noodly 
Appendage on this one," and not even sure what day it was anymore, He 
decided to take an extended break from the whole creation gig, and He 
gave a quick blessing and declared, "From here on out, every Friday is a 
holiday." 

The Olive Garden of Eden 

That midget, however, was goddamn noisy. The FSM couldn't deal with 
all the complaining down on earth, so the Lord FSM commanded the 
midget, saying, "Here's an idea... why don't you collect the semolina, 
rice, and what-have-you, and make pasta in my image. That's what it's 
there for. And fill your mouth with it and be quiet and peaceful. But be 
careful with the olive tree, for the olive itself is good, but the pit inside 
is rock hard and you could choke on it or break a tooth, so you should 
consider it as evil; if you choke on it you shall surely die, which would 
mean I wasted a hell of a lot of time on you, although I'm already hav- 
ing second thoughts." 

Man wasn't excited about eating pasta seven nights a week, so the 
FSM broke down and brought him all the animals, and Man renamed 
each as a food group. Cattle he called "beef." Pigs he called "pork," 
"ham," or "bacon." Strangely, Man stuck with "chicken" for chicken. 
Perhaps Man was tired at this point and had lost his sense of creativity. 

The FSM suggested that Man take a nap, so he did. When he awoke, 
the FSM said, "Man, have I got a surprise for you. Check this out. 
Woman!" 

The midget stared blankly for a moment, then said, "Can I keep 
her?" And the FSM said, "From now on a man shall leave his father and 
mother and be joined to his wife, and they shall become one flesh," and 
then the FSM thought to Himself, This should be interesting. 



The Holy Noodle • * 73 



"I owe you one," said the midget-man. 

Before long, Man broke his damned tooth on that olive pit, and the 
FSM said, "What did I give you ears for if not to listen to me?" And Man 
said, "I have ears?" And he eventually located them on the sides of his 
head, but not before discovering a small Noodly Appendage between 
his legs, which he noticed was infinitely smaller than even the shortest 
of the FSM's appendages, and he realized that his woman appeared to 
be thinking the same thing, so the midget-man said, "Hand me one of 
those fig leaves, will you?" 

Later the woman suggested that Man didn't need such a big fig leaf, 
and she hinted that there might certainly be another Man somewhere 
on earth, maybe Eden had a gardener somewhere, and the midget-man 
looked her up and down and said, "One word, honey. Cellulite." 

Then the eyes of both of them were opened, and they knew that they 
were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves 
coverings. And they heard the sound of the FSM floating around 
the Olive Garden and they hid and said, "What are you doing here?" 
Then the FSM said, "Where are you?" Man said, "I heard you floating 
around over there, and I was afraid because I was naked; and I hid 
myself." 

And the FSM said, "That's fine, but can you tell me where you hid 
those delicious breadsticks? I haven't eaten since the Creation." 

"We ate them all," the midget-man lied. "There aren't any more 
breadsticks left." 

The Flood 

Then the FSM saw that the wickedness of Man was great on earth, and 
that every thought of the little midget was ruled by his stomach. 

Then the FSM said, "Fine, I'll just cook for myself," and He produced 
a great Colander of Goodness and He did collect water in an enormous 
pot, which He heated; and He did drop in a heaping portion of pasta 
and slowly simmer the sauce for so long that the original humans 



The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

weren't even around anymore when He was finally ready to eat. And He 
poured the spaghetti and water into the Colander of Goodness, careful 
to make sure that the water went down the drain of His sink. And as He 
was eating, He vacantly considered where the drain did empty, and the 
FSM said, "Uh oh." 

Luckily, Noah and Noah's sons, Ham, Cheese, and Omel, and Noah's 
wife and the three wives of his sons with them, had been working on 
"Big Noah's Floating Menagerie," which was to be housed in a giant ark 
of Noah's design. On that day all the fountains of the great deep were 
broken up, and the drains of the heavens were opened. And the rain was 
on the earth forty days and forty nights, and the ark did float but it did 
stink. 

After several battles with Pirates, the ark did finally rest on Mount 
Ararat, and when the waters receded it was a long walk home for 
Noah and his family. And no one could locate the unicorn pair, but 
they did discover Noah's son Ham in a back chamber of the ark, pick- 
ing his teeth with an oversized toothpick that remarkably resembled 
a horn. 

The Tower of Scrapple 

Like Noah, his sons were real entrepreneurs, and they did spread out- 
Ham went to the southern nations and started the Hamites; Cheese 
went to the central nations and started the Cheese-Its; and Omel jour- 
neyed northward to start the Omelets. There they did establish family 
diners to supply the locals with foodstuffs. 

Ham, who was a bit of a troublemaker and always looking to squeeze 
out a few extra sheckels, determined to develop a foodstuff that could 
be produced from the leftover pig snouts and sawdust that did nor- 
mally just get thrown in the garbage at the diner. He ground up this 
waste and did call it "scrapple." And he did enlist the help of Nimrod to 
help market the scrapple. Needless to say, it wasn't a fast seller, and the 
scrapple did pile up out behind the diner, sitting under the sun until it 
formed a sort of wretched tower. 



The Holy Noodle* 



Since they couldn't sell it for food, Nimrod suggested they call it the 
Tower of Scrapple and charge a fancy sum for passersby to come behold 
its majesty. "A fool is born every minute," he said to Ham, and Ham 
agreed. 

Shortly thereafter, the FSM started noticing a bad smell around the 
firmament. He floated down and declared, "That thing, and I mean this 
quite literally, stinks to high heaven. What do you think you're doing?" 
Thinking fast on his feet, Nimrod said, "We built it as a tribute to your 
greatness." But the FSM wasn't buying it. "I thought I told you to be 
fruitful and fill the earth," He said to Nimrod. "And not with flies, with 
people." Nimrod didn't have a response to that, so the FSM told him, 
"Just tear it down." 

Since the Tower of Scrapple wasn't the tourist draw he'd hoped for, 
Nimrod bowed to the FSM's wishes. Unfortunately, he inhaled too 
many rancid scrapple fumes in the process, and he was rendered a bab- 
bling idiot. 

Mosey 

And the diners did prosper, and the population feasted and grew in 
number until there were so many short-order cooks that Phil the night 
manager did fear a revolt to his authority. 

And he ordered that no more short-order cooks be hired, but one 
young boy named Mosey, who couldn't sit still and was always running 
his mouth, did talk his way into a job by claiming to be able to cook 
"the best papyrus on rye this side of the Euphrates." 

Mosey did indeed cook a mean papyrus, and he was an artist with 
the deep fryer, but he did grow tired of the long hours and mistreat- 
ment, and one day he walked into his manager's office, threw down his 
apron, and said, "I'm tired of the nine to five. I'm quitting to become a 
Pirate." 

That got the FSM's attention, and he kept careful track ofMosey. In 
fact, years later, the FSM, who had grown tired of Phil's mistreatment 
of the short-order cooks and was getting to be in a generally bad mood, 



• The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

found Mosey camping out in the desert, drawing up plans for a massive 
Pirate Ship, and the FSM spoke to Mosey through a burnt roasted 
marshmallow and commanded Mosey to go back and lead all the short- 
order cooks out from under Phil's control. The FSM bade Mosey to hire 
the cooks and start a restaurant of his own, preferably one that special- 
ized in foods more to His liking. "Maybe call it the Olive Garden. You 
could manage the kitchen staff," said the FSM. But when Mosey re- 
turned to the diner, Phil refused to release the short-order cooks' last 
paycheck if they followed Mosey. 

Now the FSM was really angry with Phil, and He punished him with 
the following plagues: 

1. A rain of spaghetti sauce 

2. A hail of linguini 

3. Repetitively playing Kid Abyssinia's rap hit "I'm the Makkeda Daddy" 
inside Phil's head 

Phil relented, and the FSM commanded the short-order cooks to cel- 
ebrate the yearly "Pastover," where the angel hair pasta of death passes 
over all the houses that have a smear of sauce on the doorpost. 

Now the FSM spoke to Mosey, saying, "This month shall be the be- 
ginning of your new restaurant franchise; it shall be the first month of 
the rest of your life. Speak to all the short-order cooks, saying 'Begin 
your sauce on the tenth day of this month. Every man shall prepare a 
sauce, stirring it occasionally. If you don't have enough people to eat it, 
go over to your in-laws' house. 

'"Now you shall cook the sauce until the fourteenth day of the same 
month. And you shall take some of the sauce and smear it on your 
doorpost. Then you shall pour the remainder of the sauce over a heap- 
ing bowl of the pasta of your choosing, and you shall eat all of it. 

" 'With a belt at your waist, a patch over your eye, and a cutlass in 
your hand, you shall eat the pasta. For you are no longer short-order 
cooks, but the sauce on your door will mark you as Pirates!'" 

Though Phil had reluctantly agreed to release the last paychecks, as 



The Holy Noodle • 



soon as Mosey led the short-order cooks out of the diner, he changed 
his mind. Phil chased after them, all the way to a giant red puddle of 
spaghetti sauce that had been left over from the first plague. The FSM 
parted the Red Puddle for Mosey, but He didn't notice that Phil was hot 
on his heels. Unfortunately, Phil was swallowed up by the puddle and 
rolled into a giant meatball. 

Mosey became "Pirate Mosey," and later dried pasta fell from the 
skies like manna, which is Hebrew for "monster." 

The eight "I'd Really Rather You Didn'ts" 

Pirate Mosey really wanted that Pirate ship, and putting all labor is- 
sues aside he declared his band to now be Pirates, and he led the Pirates 
up to the top of Mount Salsa, where he thought there might be a good 
chance of finding the Pirate ship he'd been searching for all these years. 
But they didn't find the ship, and the people didn't know how to act like 
Pirates — after all, they were really just a bunch of short-order cooks — 
and the FSM came down and declared that they'd better clean up their 
act, because real Pirates belonged on the open seas, not on a mountain. 
And Pirate Mosey was embarrassed and wouldn't come down from the 
mountain, even though the rest ofhis band took the FSM's advice and 
went down into the town at the bottom of Mount Salsa to wait for their 
captain. Finally, the FSM got completely fed up, and He visited Mosey 
on the mountaintop and told him where to find the sea, and, after ad- 
mitting that it had been a long haul since Creation and that maybe He'd 
even rethink some of His decisions ifHe had it to do all over again, He 
gave Pirate Mosey some advice, which came in the form of ten stone 
tablets. These tablets Mosey called "Commandments" (since he had a 
healthy sense of drama) — although the short-order cooks grew con- 
fused and misnamed them the "Condiments" — but because of the 
phrasing, the FSM refers to them as the "I'd Really Rather You Didn'ts." 
Unfortunately, Mosey dropped two of them on the way down the 
mountain, which partly accounts for Pastafarians' flimsy moral stan- 
dards, but the rest can be read as follows: 



• The Gospel of the flying Spaghetti Monster 

The eight "I'd Really Rather You Didn'ts" 

1. I'd Really Rather You Didn't Act Like A Sanctimonious, Holier-Than- 
Thou Ass When Describing My Noodly Goodness. If Some People Don't 
Believe In Me, That's Okay. Really, I'm Not That Vain. Besides, This Isn't 
About Them So Don't Change The Subject. 

2. I'd Really Rather You Didn't Use My Existence As A Means To Op- 
press, Subjugate, Punish, Eviscerate, And/Or, You Know, Be Mean To 
Others. I Don't Require Sacrifices And Purity Is For Drinking Water, Not 
People. 

3. I'd Really Rather You Didn't Judge People For The Way They Look, Or 
How They Dress, Or The Way They Talk, Or, Well, Just Play Nice, Okay? 
Oh, And Get This In Your Thick Heads: Woman = Person. Man = Person. 
Samey-Samey. One Is Not Better Than The Other, Unless We're Talking 
About Fashion And I'm Sorry, But I Gave That To Women And Some 
Guys Who Know The Difference Between Teal And Fuchsia. 

4. I'd Really Rather You Didn't Indulge In Conduct That Offends Your- 
self, Or Your Willing, Consenting Partner Of Legal Age AND Mental 
Maturity. As For Anyone Who Might Object, I Think The Expression Is 
Go F*** Yourself, Unless They Find That Offensive In Which Case They 
Can Turn Off The TV For Once And Go For A Walk For A Change. 

5. I'd Really Rather You Didn't Challenge The Bigoted, Misogynist, 
Hateful Ideas Of Others On An Empty Stomach. Eat, Then Go After 

The B ***** * 

6. I'd Really Rather You Didn't Build Multimillion-Dollar Churches/ 
Temples/Mosques/Shrines To My Noodly Goodness When The Money 
Could Be Better Spent (Take Your Pick): 

A. Ending Poverty 

B. Curing Diseases 

C. Living In Peace, Loving With Passion, And LoweringThe Cost Of Cable 



The Holy Noodle • 



I Might Be A Complex-Carbohydrate Omniscient Being, But I Enjoy 
The Simple Things In Life. I Ought To Know. I AM The Creator. 

7. I'd Really Rather You Didn't Go Around Telling People I Talk To You. 
You're Not That Interesting. Get Over Yourself. And I Told You To Love 
Your Fellow Man, Can't You Take A Hint? 

8. I'd Really Rather You Didn't Do Unto Others As You Would Have 
Them Do Unto You If You Are Into, Um, Stuff That Uses A Lot Of 
Leather/Lubricant/Las Vegas. IfThe Other Person Is Into It, However 
(Pursuant To #4), Then Have At It, Take Pictures, And For The Love Of 
Mike, Wear A CONDOM! Honestly, It's A Piece Of Rubber. If I Didn't 
Want It To Feel Good When You Did IT I Would Have Added Spikes, Or 
Something. 



RAmen. 



A History of Heretics 



1. Today Plato is nearly for- 
gotten. His beliefs include the 
notion that people who gov- 
ern should be intelligent, ra- 
tional, self-controlled, and in 
love with wisdom, an idea 
that has long been discred- 
ited. 

2. Loose translation from the 
original Greek. 



Everyone knows that Pirates are badasses. But history is also full of 
non-Pastafarians who have dared to rock the boat, challenging the 
- limits of religious and scientific dogma alike. With this in mind, we 
offer this rundown of heretics through time. Their poor lives illustrate 
just how hard a world without FSMism can be. 

Aristotle: 

New Age Philosopher 
Aristotle was born in northern Greece a really long 
time ago. He was the son of a wealthy and influen- 
tial doctor, and studied under Plato, 1 who was also 
the son of a wealthy and influential doctor. Thus 
began the Greek tradition — a key forebear to con- 
temporary Western thought — which holds that the 
wealthy and influential shall grow even more 
wealthy and influential, while the poor and fluen- 
tial grow poorer and increasingly lose their fluent. 2 
Because Aristotle dared to disagree with the 
teachings of Plato, he was not appointed head of 
the Academy when Plato died. Angered by this 
snub, Aristotle took a tutoring job with a young 
Alexander the Great, whom he encouraged to follow his dream of rap- 
ing, pillaging, and eventually taking over the world. 

After that, Aristotle retired to his writings. It is said that Aristotle 
wrote over 150 treatises. Although that is an awful lot of treatises, they 
can be summarized as follows: Everything in our world is composed of 
potential (matter) and of reality (form). Like an uncarved block of mar- 
ble, we have the potential to "sculpt" our lives and make them into 
whatever reality we wish. Today, this line of thought is referred to as 




A History of Heretics * • 8 1 



"freaky New Age shit," and contemporary scholars agree that, if Aristo- 
tle were alive today, he would definitely be a fixture on Oprah. 

Aristotle has been a fan favorite of all the great thinkers throughout 
time. Not only was he a great philosopher, but he also developed a sys- 
tematic classification of animals, which made him quite the Renais- 
sance man, and it should be noted that his teachings experienced a real 
renaissance during the Renaissance. But there were dark clouds ahead 
for his Renaissance supporters... for although he talked a lot about 
God, he also declared that the universe was eternal, a belief that caused 
a lot oftrouble about a thousand years after he died, when the Catholic 
Church finally started paying attention to all the Aristotle hype. 



Leonardo Da Vinci: 

Architect, Musician, Anatomist, #/ New York Limes 
Bestselling Author, Inventor, Vegan, engineer, 
Homosexual, Sculptor, Painter, 
and Minor-League Stickball Prodigy 

Known as the original Renaissance Man, Leonardo Da 
Vinci came from humble origins. His father was a notary 
and his mother was a local peasant woman. Leonardo was 
raised on the hard streets of Florence where he grew up 
quickly — learning to draw, paint, sculpt, and invent before 
normal kids his age had ever even seen a gun. He was also a 
closeted homosexual.' 

Da Vinci began keeping journals early in life. He wrote them in code, 
but his cowriter, Dan Brown, later translated much of what was inside. 
Through Da Vinci's journals, as well as surviving records kept by Flor- 
ence's Officers of the Night, an antisodomy agency of the time, 4 we 
have learned that Da Vinci enjoyed the company of adolescent boys and 
that he "liked 'em young." He also became a vegan,' having determined 
that milk-producing udders are homologous to a woman's breasts, 
which of course he despised. But enough about his sexual preferences. 

Throughout Da Vinci's life, he managed to invent everything that's 




3. Da Vinci invented the 
closet. 



4. This was a real group; we 
are not shitting you. 

5. Essentially a hard-core 
vegetarian, who doesn't even 
eat milk or eggs, and can't 
stop talking about it. 



82 • • The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



ever been used in a war. These include the helicopter, the hang glider, 
the tank, the machine gun, the cluster bomb, the robot, and the subma- 
rine. Later he went on to invent the single-span bridge, the video game 
Halo, and the gate that swings both ways. 

The Renaissance humanists saw no distinction between science and 
the arts, and so Da Vinci didn't limit his brilliant imagination to just 
inventing things. 6 He also painted such famous masterpieces as the 
Adoration of the Magi, the Mona Lisa, and The Last Supper. He studied 
anatomy, designed festivals, sculpted, and wrote music. He even 
arranged it so that his shit didn't stink. In short, he was awesome. 

(We will not cover Da Vinci's problems with the Catholic Church, 
since everybody has already read The Da Vinci Code.) 7 

Giordano Bruno: 

Deserved What He Got 

Originally born with the name Filippo in 1548, Giordano Bruno took 
his new name in 1565 when he became a Dominican friar at the 
Monastery of Saint Domenico near Naples. Eventually he was ordained 
a priest, which is slightly ironic considering what the Church eventu- 
ally did to him. But more on that later. 

Disliked by all who encountered him, Bruno became an avid reader 
ofbooks. He read Plato, Copernicus, Thomas Aquinas, Averrpes, Duns 
Scotus, Marsilio Ficino, Nicholas ofCusa, Nick Hornby, and Isaac Asi- 
mov. It is a well-known fact that those who read books often develop 
some funny ideas, and history has shown this to be especially true of 
people from the olden days. Bruno became particularly influenced by 
his reading of Copernicus and Plato — so much so that he couldn't stop 
talking about them. In 1576 the Inquisition put Bruno on their Ten 
Most Wanted list. 

He escaped to Geneva, but this wasn't the last time the Inquisition 
would come calling. For a short period, Bruno joined the Calvinists, 
but he was unwilling to abide by their strict "no smiling" policy. In 
1579 he traveled to Toulouse, France, where, for a while, he enjoyed the 



6. By contrast, today's scien- 
tists are only interested in sci- 
ence, Star Wars, and video 
games. 



7. By Dan Brown (Double- 
day, 2003). 



A History of Heretics * • 83 



protection of powerful French patrons. It was during this period that 
he completed the majority of his writing, including De Finfinito universo 
e mondi, in which he argued that the stars were the same as our sun, that 
the universe was infinite, and that all universes were inhabited by intel- 
ligent beings, establishing Bruno as the first ever sci-fi geek. 

While still in France, Bruno gained fame for his prodigious memory. 
Although his ability to retain information might have been a direct re- 
sult of his intensive reading habits, he really should have put down the 
books at this point and slipped into dispassionate ennui like the rest of 
the French. Instead, Bruno decided to go to England. 

In 1583 he sought a position at Oxford, but the people there judged 
him to be a know-it-all and Bruno was turned away. After petitioning to 
teach at a few other English schools, he came to learn the harsh reality of 
the saying "You only have one chance to make a good first impression." 

For the next couple of years, it is believed that Bruno spied against 
Catholics in England. Posing as a Catholic priest, he purportedly took 
confessions from Catholics, then reported those confessions to English 
spymasters who saw to it that the Catholics were put to death under 
the persecutory laws of the time. Even if Bruno wasn't a heretic, he 
most surely had proved himself to be a major asshole by this point — and 
well-deserving of a good burning. 

In 1585 Bruno returned to Paris. Within a year he had pissed off the 
Parisians, and so he moved to Germany, where his reputation hadn't 
preceded him. By 1588 he was on his way to Prague, and it was growing 
clear that Bruno was running out of countries. 

Faced with the option of fleeing to Siberia' or going back to Italy, 
Bruno stupidly accepted a brief teaching position at Padua in 1591. Un- 
fortunately for him," the professorship he sought there went to Galileo 
Galilei. So he journeyed to Venice, where he pissed off one last person, 
who then denounced him to the Inquisition. 

Bruno was arrested on May 22,1592. It took six years before he stood 
trial in Rome, and when the inquisitor, Cardinal Robert Bellarmine, 
asked him if he still stood by his beliefs, Bruno is believed to have 
replied: "Does the pope wear a funny hat?" 



8. By this point, Siberia was 
the only place that hadn't 
heard of him. 

9. Though probably fortu- 
nate for everyone else. 



84 • * The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



And so, on February 17, 1600, a nail was driven through his tongue, 
Bruno was tied to a stake, and he was burned as a heretic. 
If only he'd kept his mouth shut. 
A tough lesson, for sure. 

Charles Darwin: 

evolution's "Creepy Little Cook" 

In June 1837, more than twenty years before Charles Darwin published his fa- 
mous, if highly flawed, treatise on Natural Selection entitled On the Origin of 
Species, the young biologist self-published a lesser-known work, one that turned 
out to be his first stab at reconciling his beliefs in science and religion. That book 
was On the Origin of Spaghetti Sauce. 

The Early Years 

Probably mildly retarded, Darwin grew up in Shrewsbury, England, the 
fifth of six children. He was the son of Robert Darwin, a well-to-do doc- 
tor, and Susannah Darwin, who was rumored to be a virtual magician 
in the kitchen. Throughout Darwin's life, this family di- 
chotomy would tear at the very fabric of his being, as 
pressure to excel in the natural sciences collided with his 
more homey desire to transmogrify the English culinary 
experience, a mission at which he ultimately failed. 

Darwin entered Edinburgh University in 1825 and was 
immediately astonished to discover that the university 
did not offer courses in the culinary arts. Tricked by his 
father into studying medicine, the dejected young Dar- 
win resorted to cooking sumptuous dinners for himself 
in his boardinghouse. In his second year he joined several 
student naturalist societies, and for a short time he was 
free to explore the shores of the Firth of Forth, collecting 
crustaceans for various culinary wonders, like linguini 




A History of Heretics • • 85 



with clam sauce and penne with striped zebra mussels. Little did his fel- 
low students realize that this "creepy little cook" " would one day use 
these experiences as a springboard for one of the greatest revolutions in 
Western contemporary thought. 

While still at Edinburgh, Darwin produced his first scientific paper. 
Presented to the Plinian Society, it explained that the black spores 
found in oyster shells were the eggs of the common skate leech. Darwin 
shrewdly concluded that these spores were left by the Flying Spaghetti 
Monster as a sign that even the lowliest of God's creatures could band 
together for a common cause. " He was soundly laughed out of the so- 
ciety's chambers, and shortly thereafter his father arranged to have him 
transfer from Edinburgh to Cambridge. 

Once he got to Cambridge, Darwin's father threatened to remove 
young Charles's colander and other kitchen utensils if he did not bear 
down and fully commit himself to his studies as a physician. But the 
young son was adamant that he would follow his dream of culinary ex- 
cellence. When he finally threatened his father with the prospect of 
abandoning the family and moving to France, the two Darwins 
arranged a secretive meeting in Paris's Saint-Sulpice Church," where it 
was determined that the young Darwin would pursue studies in theol- 
ogy. This seemed a sensible compromise, as clergymen were well paid 
and as most English naturalists were clergymen. Charles is widely be- 
lieved to have told his father at the time, "If I cannot be allowed to ex- 
plore the wonders of God's cookery, then let me at least explore the 
wonders ofHis creation." 

Charles Darwin applied himself at Cambridge but was a C minus 
student at best. In the summer after that first year at Cambridge he was 
embarrassed by his poor showing and sought any means possible to 
avoid going home during the break. He read a bunch ofpamphlets and 
ultimately decided to take a Mediterranean cooking cruise, where he 
was promised the opportunity to explore and sample the various foods 
of Greece and southern Italy. But the voyage was ill-fated. Darwin suf- 
fered from food poisoning and sea sickness, and ultimately he went 



10. As quoted in Phineas P. 
Cornflower's autobiography 
Aye, I Knew Darwin's Sauces. 



11. In this case, oysters served 
as "babysitters" for skate 
leech eggs so that adult skate 
leeches would be free to pur- 
sue their insatiable urge to 
drain the lifeblood from 
skates. 



12. The Da Vinci Code, 
Doubleday Books, 2003 



86 • *The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



home early. The only record of these sad days exists in a poorly penned 
and unpublished journal that he titled The Voyage of the Meatball. 



13. Sadly, manyofthem were 
fossilized. 



14. Having a similar structure 
andtoneas The Voyageofthe 
Meatball. 



The Voyage of the Beagle 

The Voyage of the Meatball nearly destroyed Darwin. He limped through 
his last year of studies and, following graduation, did what any man 
armed with a Cambridge degree would do: He took a five-year vacation 
to the Galapagos Islands. Suffering from nervous exhaustion — and hav- 
ing lost all faith in humanity — Darwin was now determined to befriend 
as many of the world's animals as possible. 

It was aboard the HMS Beagle that life began to turn around for him. 
In a freak gale off the coast ofTierra del Fuego, all of Darwin's cook- 
books were washed overboard; bored and suffering from severe skin 
rashes, young Charles picked up a book that would set his life on a new 
course. That book was Charles Lyell's Principles of Geology, which posited 
that geological features are the outcome of gradual processes that take 
place over eons of time. Something clicked in Darwin's head, and in 
that moment of clarity he realized that a slow-cooked sauce would be 
exponentially more delicious than one that was merely heated from a 
can, something that had never before occurred to an Englishman. From 
this realization, he gleaned some other ideas related to Evolution, but 
he was really most excited about the sauce revelation. Within days, the 
Beagle's cook was thrown overboard, and Charles Darwin took over the 
ship's mess. 

There were mussels galore in South America," and Darwin thrived. 
On October 2, 1836, he returned to England as a minor celebrity, hav- 
ing discovered fossils, finches, tortoises, mockingbirds, and modern 
cooking. His book The Voyage of the Beagle" was a hit, and he was invited 
to dinner parties throughout London, where he cooked and talked 
throughout many a night. Some of the proceeds from the Beagle book 
went toward self-publishing On the Origin of Spaghetti Sauce, in which 
Darwin put forth his theory of slow-cooked sauce and perfectly boiled 



A History of Heretics • • 87 



noodles as a divine representation of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. 
Sadly, the book never took off. 

Still, Darwin had his day job, which consisted of little more than jot- 
ting down everything he noticed. To that effect, and prompted by the 
fascinating structural similarities between earthworms and various 
forms ofpasta, he began studying worms. 15 It is quite possible that this 
is the point where Charles Darwin finally descended into full-blown de- 
mentia. We will, however, never know the full truth, because Thomas 
Huxley, who had developed an unhealthy fascination for the fullness 
and length of Darwin's beard, took it upon himself to follow Darwin 
around in an attempt to defend his mindless ramblings about worms. 

It was Huxley who convinced Darwin to stop arguing that humans 
were descended from worms — or "in His" image," as Darwin was often 
quoted as saying. Huxley convinced his friend to claim that the lines of 
descent passed instead from monkeys, which he pointed out actually had 
appendages and bore an uncanny resemblance to certain people, in- 
cluding Darwin, who became known as "Monkey Man." 

Once Darwin made the intellectual jump from worms to monkeys, 
his theory really took off. He was invited to many official scientific 
meetings, where he was lauded by geniuses, savants, and even scientists 
and philosophers. To this day, no one really knows why. 



15. Darwin loved worms- 
describing them on several 
occasions as "noodly" and 
"so without appendages as 
to be appendages them- 
selves." 



16. "His" refers to the Flying 
Spaghetti Monster, of course. 



The End of His Life 

In 1842, embarrassed by his fame, and mortally disappointed by his in- 
ability to realize his life's ambition of being a professional chef, Darwin 
retreated to Down House in the London Borough ofBromley to "write 
that damn egghead book," as he put it. 

He published On the Origin of Species in 1859, which was mostly about 
worms and the animals he'd befriended while vacationing in the Gala- 
pagos, rendering it completely unreadable. Later he wrote The Dessert of 
Man, which Huxley changed to The Descent of Man without Darwin 
noticing. 



88 • 'Che Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



1 7. Guinness Book of World 
Records. 



Destitute and nearly forgotten, Charles Darwin died in Downe, Kent, 
England, on April 19, 1882. His beard was eight feet long at the time . " 



18. See Stanley Kramer's 
stunning five-part documen- 
tary Inherit the Wind. 



19. Who was still trying to 
make up for his embarrassing 
"Cross of Gold" speech, in 
which he argued that Pirates 
had used their treasure to 
forge the first Christian cross. 




John Scopes: The ACLU's Little Monkey 

On May 25, 1925, John T. Scopes was 
charged with violating Tennessee's But- 
ler Act, which prohibited the teaching 
of Evolution in Tennessee schools." 
Scopes was eventually found guilty and 
given the choice of paying a $ 100 fine 
or being pummeled with rotten fish 
and burned at the stake. After much re- 
flection, he chose to pay the fine. 

Scopes later admitted to reporter 
William K. Hutchinson that he had 
never actually taught his class about 
Evolution, choosing instead to skip the lesson altogether. In fact, his 
most famous quote is the Clintonesque "I didn't violate the law." But if 
Scopes didn't teach Evolution, how did this trial come about? 

As usual, the ACLU was behind it. 

It turns out that lawyers from the ACLU had offered to finance a test 
case challenging the constitutionality of the Butler Act. Scopes became 
their unwilling monkey, and the lawyers started pouring into Tennessee 
by the hundreds. The defense team included Clarence Darrow, Dudley 
Field Malone, John Neal, Arthur Garfield Hays, and Frank McElwee, 
among others. The prosecution included Tom Stewart, Herbert Hicks, 
Wallace Haggard, Ben and J. Gordon McKenzie, William Jennings 
Bryan," and William Jennings Bryan Jr. Before the trial even started, 
the ACLU had met its objective of employing as many lawyers as possi- 
ble, and the real tragedy of the Scopes Monkey Trial is not that it 
helped to promote the teaching of Evolution, but that it was an early 
model for our highly litigious society. 

After the trial, Scopes attended the University of Chicago, where he 



A History of Heretics • • 89 



earned a master's in geology. He then went on to work for the oil indus- 
try, where in 1932 he met a young oil executive named Dick Cheney, 
who disclosed to Scopes that he would "one day take over the world." 



Dolly the Sheep: "She Was a Whore" 

Code-named "6LL3," this ewe was the first mammal ever to have been 
successfully cloned from an adult cell. Produced at the Roslin Institute 
in Scotland, "6LL3," or "Dolly,"" as she was named by the stockmen 
who helped with her birth, was cloned by the technique of somatic cell 
nuclear transfer. Using a cell from an adult sheep's mammary, 21 scien- 
tists placed a cell in a denucleated ovum, and 
waited for the two cells to fuse. Eventually, the 
fused cells developed into an embryo, and on 
July 5, 1996, "Dolly" was born. 

"That sheep absolutely loved to fuck," 
said Seamus McKracken, a top re- 
searcher. "Other sheep. Stockmen. 
Even the sheep dog. She was insa- V ' 
liable." 

Scientists suspect that Dolly's li- 
bido was a result of her sense that she 
only had so much time on this earth. And 
indeed, she did suffer from shortened telomeres in her 
cells, which may have been passed on by her "parents." Since Dolly's 
mother was six years old when the genetic material was taken from her, 
scientists speculate that in genetic terms Dolly was six years old when she 
was born. She had arthritis by the age of five, lung disease by the age of 
six, and a bad case of gonorrhea pretty much throughout. Hard facts 
for Dolly. 



20. Named for Dolly 
Parton. Seriously. 

21. Tit. 




PROPAGANDA 



Hike your Christ. I do not like your Christians. 
Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. 

—MOHANDAS GANDHI 



The Pastofarion Guide to Propaganda 




Know THAT YOU KNOW some of the science and history be- 
hind Pastafarianism, you may feel that you're ready to go 
out and spread His Word. With this in mind, it is impor- 



Spreading His Word 



tant to remember that one of the central ideas ofFSMism is the idea of 
inclusion. Anyone can be a member, no matter their age, race, back- 
ground, or even their religious affiliation. As we've stated earlier, we do 
not base our beliefs on dogma — if we did, we'd have to think that we're 
absolutely right about everything. Only assholes think that way. And 
Pastafarians are not assholes. 

So remember, Pastafarians are not assholes. We simply deliver His Word and 
let the people decide. 

With inclusion in mind, we feel it is necessary to approach members 
of other religions in an effort to show them our beliefs. It's possible 
that Christians, Jews, Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists, and all the other re- 
ligions, except probably for Scientologists, may be willing to convert 
after hearing about FSMism. We welcome with open arms any mem- 
bers of other religions. And remember our guarantee: 

Try us for thirty days and if you don't like us, your God will most likely take 
you hack. 



This is an important detail in spreading His Word. If it works for in- 
fomercials, it will definitely work for religion. The God-back guarantee 
should always be offered upfront. It shows that we're confident about 



94 • • The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



our beliefs and helps to build trust. Trust is very important when you're 
trying to change somebody's beliefs. And since we're one of the few re- 
ligions that's never threatened nonbelievers with violence, it's all we've 
got. 

Before you begin evangelizing, remember to heed this warning: 

Be careful of whom you attempt to convert. Members of some religions should 
be approached with care. 



As a missionary you must select a target wisely. Always try to keep to 
high-traffic areas. That way you can be sure to maximize religious out- 
reach. Always present yourself in a neat and friendly manner, unless you 
are wearing Pirate regalia, which you should be, in which case you 
should remember that an eye patch will affect depth perception. This 
brings us to our next point: 



When wearing an eye patch, always remember that objects may be closer or 
farther away than they appear. 



1. The eye patch is a constant 
reminder that others don't 
see the world the same way 
we do. Not yet, at least. 



Not only is this statement true in fact, but it is also true spiritually. 1 
If you're talking to a Mormon and he keeps smiling pleasantly, be sure 
to watch his hands. You may think you've cornered a potential Pastafar- 
ian, while he maybe considering where his gun's at. Always be alert. You 
are doing His work, but His protective appendages might be occupied 
with other things. Ask yourself, is this guy taking just a few too many 
sips ofhis orange soda? Is one ofhis wives lurking in the background? 
If you start to get a bad feeling, leave and live to fight another day. 
Other religions may be pushy: We're not. In fact, take some hints from 
Mormons and Jehovah's Witnesses. As much as people like to get vis- 
ited at home by strangers who tell them they're most likely going to 
Hell, we prefer less intrusive means of missionary work. Our ways are 
subtle. 



Know your audience and choose the right message. 



The Pastafahan Guide to Propaganda- • 95 



This is important. Because of the nondogmatic nature ofFSMism, 
there's been some discussion as to whether liberal areas are better for 
missionary work. Indeed, Pastafarians seem to have good luck finding 
converts on college campuses, although that could be due to the 
drugs. 2 Still, there's no doubt that promises of a Beer Volcano and a 
Stripper Factory in Heaven will likely be more effective with male col- 
lege students, for example, than with female senior citizens. 3 So always 
use your noodle and direct the right message to the right audience. A 
couple of other examples should help: 

• ACADEMICS are likely to appreciate that FSMism is based on rigid scien- 
tific observations. With them it's a good idea to cite evidence ofthe 
Flying Spaghetti Monster's existence. Bring this book along as an aid. 
Show the academics the pictures, graphs, and diagrams, many ofwhich 
appear to be scientific in nature. In addition, it may be helpful to note 
that we Pastafarians are involved in ongoing important research, most 
importantly related to the established link between global warming and 
the decline in the Pirate population. 



2. Might be prudent to try 
out rehab clinics — Christians 
have had some success with 
this, with drug addicts com- 
prising some 90 percent of 
Born Agains. 

3. Possible exception in the 
ironically named "Bible belt" 
region ofthe southern United 
States, where most older 
women are well known to be 
alcoholics and raging les- 
bians. Source: Jerry Springer. 



• T H E ELDERLY are most easily reached through their firmly entrenched 
moral values. FSMism is, after all, a comparatively conservative religion. 
Even though we don't discriminate, and although we openly accept those 
of varied backgrounds and sexual preference into our religion, it can be 
noted as advantageous that there are many more gay and lesbian preach- 
ers in Christian churches than there are in FSM churches. And while there 
is nothing particularly important about that phenomenon, it is appar- 
ently a big issue with some ofthe parishioners. So it may be helpful to 
point out that bit of statistics in order to grow our congregation. 4 

• CHILDREN are generally not the brightest of people, and can be easily 
converted to FSMism. Mentioning Pirates will ensure it. 

CELEBRITIES are an interesting matter. Considerthem to be a special 
project. When an actor or musician adopts a religion it is a sure sign 



4. Cay and lesbian people are 
as welcome as anyone else in 
our church, and they are also 
as welcome as their straight 
counterparts to become 
clergy. 



• The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

that it is going to be popular. As such, we suggest identifying one or two 
hot targets. Lindsay Lohan seems like she'd be open to Pastafarianism. 
Also, Madonna is probably up for a conversion soon. We suggest 
approaching those celebrities who appear to be starving. You might 
want to mention that a high-carbohydrate diet is just what they need to 
restore their physical and spiritual well-being. 

Interacting with Believers of Other Faiths 

We will now go through the various faiths and make suggestions for 
missionaries. As noted above, interacting with other faiths is a touchy 
subject, as most people who have already found religion believe unques- 
tionably that theirs is the correct one. This is due to the fact that most 
mainstream religions have successfully convinced their followers that 
faith — belief not supported by evidence — is a good thing. And so, in the 
process of converting, say, a Christian to a Pastafarian, not only do you 
have to convince them to believe in a different God, but you also have 
to convince them that strong belief without basis, while admittedly 
more comfortable than thinking, is not our way of doing things. In 
other words, Pastafarians reject dogma outright. So what it comes 
down to is that, even ifyour potential convert accepts the existence of 
the Flying Spaghetti Monster, he may be unwilling to let go of his dog- 
matic belief system — having grown accustomed to having his moral val- 
ues decided for him. It is at the least an uphill battle. That doesn't mean 
we don't try, though. Pastafarians love a challenge. 

Choosing a target takes some psychology. Some religions are more 
open than others. Luckily, it's not hard to discern what is considered 
acceptable in each religion. MORMONS, for example, prefer to discuss 
faith door-to-door with strangers. It follows then that, since this is their 
chosen method of discourse, they would welcome Pastafarian visitors 
showing up unannounced at their doorsteps. We suggest arriving as 
early as possible to make a good impression. Anyone can get up at 
noon, but it takes dedication and character to make a five AM. visit. 
Your potential ex-Mormon/new-Pastafarian converts are likely to no- 



The Dastafarian Guide to Dropagonda • 



tice this and be impressed. It also may not hurt to bring along some or- 
ange soda — it's like crack for Mormons. No one knows why exactly, al- 
though scientists tell us it probably has something to do with the 
genetic anomalies caused by generations ofendogamous polygamy. 

Moving on to CHRISTIANS, it seems that they for the most part don't 
do door-to-door missionary work, and so we can take a guess that they 
prefer privacy in their homes. However, it's a different story out in pub- 
lic. Christians can often be found spreading their faith around town, 
occasionally from elected government positions. We can gather from 
this that Christians value expressing their faith to the public, and so it 
follows that they would appreciate this behavior in members of other 
religions, specifically FSMism. 

Take, for instance, a group of Christians on a downtown street cor- 
ner some Friday night, respectfully protesting passing partygoers with 
helpful, nonjudgmental signs such as THE PARTY ENDS IN HELL and RE- 
PENT SINNERS: THE PARTY ENDS IN HELL. These messengers feel so 
strongly about sharing their interpretation of the Christian faith with 
strangers that they stand out in the cold for hours. Such open-minded, 
sharing people are ripe targets for an FSM conversion attempt. 

We suggest emulating their behavior as much as possible. Make your 
own signs, but with our beliefs instead. Think of it as a cultural ex- 
change where both parties can learn about each other's beliefs. And it is 
a great opportunity to explore differences and similarities for ongoing 
conversion efforts. For example, our Christian street-corner friends 
may think beer drinking is wrong, as evidenced by their warnings of 
eternal hellfire damnation — an obvious but not insurmountable differ- 
ence from our view, which is that beer rules. And while there maybe nu- 
merous opposing views such as these, there are going to be some 
similarities, too. Christians believe in a Heaven — floating on clouds and 
filled with sunshine and happiness and whatever else — with admission 
strictly enforced by ajudgmental God, morals being a large factor in de- 
termining if the new arrival will be let in or instead face an eternal 
burning lake of fire. Pastafarians also believe in a Heaven, and now you 
see that we have a similar view that we can build upon. While it's true 



98 • • The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



5. This is accepted practice in 
matters of religion. Consider 
the number of Scientologist 
eunuchs, and how the church 
wisely avoids mentioning up 
front the requirement that 
males donate their testicles a 
few years afterjoining. 



that the FSM Heaven is thought to be quite different, featuring a Beer 
Volcano and Stripper Factory, among other attractions, these are de- 
tails that don't necessarily have to be fully disclosed right away. 5 

Christians make up a large percentage of the world population, so 
obviously we are going to be dealing with them a lot. The majority of 
them, unfortunately, are not out evangelizing on street corners, just 
waiting to be converted. Most are more conservative, preferring only to 
be told how to think rather than telling others how to think. At first it 
may seem that this group is ideal to be assimilated into the FSM reli- 
gion, as we could, in theory, simply tell them new things to think. But 
remember, FSMism is a fundamentally different type of religion. 

We don't tell people how to think, and — we can't say it enough — we 
reject dogma outright. Our principles preclude us from claiming we 
know any truths. Instead, we make a strong argument for our beliefs, 
with the realization that they could be wrong. Our beliefs are based 
purely on empirical observation, and so it would be dishonest to at- 
tempt to convert the conservative dogma-loving Christian populace in 
this way. 

Also, please note that by us claiming that the majority of Christians 
prefer dogmatic belief to free thought, we are in no way trying to put 
them down or belittle their beliefs. Dogma admittedly serves a number 
of functions — primarily societal control — and allows followers to have a 
rigid set of moral and behavioral guidelines. For many people this is 
not only comforting but necessary — specifically for Born Agains, the 
majority of whom would be in jail were it not for the Church's dog- 
matic message to stop doing crazy shit. I am sure I'm not alone when I 
say that I'd rather have the Born Agains running the school boards 
than stealing my car stereo for drug money. So in that respect, dogma 
is not all bad. 

Born Again nuts aside — as far away as possible — many Christians ac- 
cept the Church for legitimate reasons. In some cases, they truly believe 
what they're fed as truth, and so it's never an issue. Others accept the 
Church for the amount of uncomfortable thinking it allows them to 
avoid. And then there are some Christians who enjoy the social benefits 



The Pastafarian Guide to Propaganda * * 99 



of a dictated belief system, but at the same time don't actually blindly 
accept what is presented as incontrovertible truth. These open-minded 
members are our most likely converts to the Church of FSM. These 
people will largely not accept the Bible as being literally true — for some 
reason finding it unlikely, for example, that the first human female was 
created from a rib, or that the entire earth was flooded. In short, they 
are Christians but have not been infected with dogma, and so are still 
able to think freely. They are prime candidates for conversion to FSM. 

The problem, of course, is separating the moderate, open-minded 
Christians from the dogmatic, close-minded ones. Luckily this has al- 
ready been done for us. We need only visit universities or bookstores, or 
similar locations — places where independent thought is held in high re- 
gard and where intelligent, educated people tend to congregate. There 

will be very few dogma-minded people here.' 6. Just a coincidence put in 

These MODERATE CHRISTIANS should require only the minimum of place by the FSM, we re sure. 

effort to be converted. Being open-minded and intelligent, they will 

quickly see the benefits of a belief system based on empirical evidence. 

A religion that holds one of its highest tenets to be the rejection of 

dogma in its entirety is one not likely to be infested by close-minded 

fools, and moderate Christians will appreciate this. 

The sticking point, perhaps not surprisingly, may be Jesus. An all-but- 
ready convert who likes the ideology, and probably Pirates as well, may 

not let herself join because she feels a connection to the Christian Jesus. 

That's understandable. And remember that it's not our place, as Pasta- 

farians, to tell anyone that their beliefs are wrong. Our role is simply to 

present our views, not to judge anyone else's views, and certainly not to 

push our beliefs on others. That being said, it's our duty to make as 

strong an argument as possible for the Church of the Flying Spaghetti 

Monster. As such, if you find yourself in a missionary position with a 

moderate Christian, I think it's appropriate to note that the FSM, being 

all powerful, could easily have disguised Himself as Jesus and set in place 

the events that now form the basis of Christianity. If that's the case — and 

it seems entirely plausible — converting to FSMism would be more consis- 
tent with Christianity than worshipping the FSM-placed Christian God. 



* Che Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

And lastly, you might ask a moderate Christian a question that they've 
undoubtedly heard before. What wouldJesus do? 

We suggest that Jesus would have taken a look at the direction things 
are going and converted to FSMism. Our beliefs and rejection of dogma 
are much more consistent with his ideology than much of modern-day 
dogmatic Christianity. And we find it hard to believe that Jesus would 
approve of a great deal of the politics enacted ostensibly on his behalf. 
And he probably wouldn't take kindly to the wars that have been 
fought in his name either. 

WWJD? 

7. He Would Convert to FSM. HWCTFSM.' 

BORN AGAINS present a different set of challenges. While technically 
belonging to the Christian faith, they are a separate entity unto them- 
selves. We are hesitant even to refer to them as Christians, because their 
behavior reflects badly on the majority of Christians who are not in- 
sane. 

Born Agains are the most dogmatic of all, because it is dogma itself 
that forms their belief system. The Born Again believes that everyone 
needs to be told what to do — and realistically, that's the only thing 
keeping them out of jail. This group has a powerful system of beliefs, 
and they will tell you about it whenever they get the chance. 

Because of their strong dogmatic beliefs, we do not advise going 
after Born Agains at this time. It is interesting to note, however, that 
there's only one thing Born Agains enjoy more than telling people what 
to think, and that is drugs. Some time in the future, after we've com- 
pleted the construction of our missionary Pirate Ship, we will leave 
trails of crack vials running from rehab clinics to the port where our Pi- 
rate Ship is docked — thus the Born Agains will be led to us, as they gob- 
ble up the crack like Pac-Man. 

The last Christian group we will consider is the CHRISTIAN ATHLETE. 
These soldiers of God are probably more dangerous than Born Agains 
due to their size and stamina. They should be avoided at all costs, and 
only observed on television or watched from the relative safety of your 



The Paslafarian Guide to Propaganda ♦ • 101 



seats set high in the back of an arena or stadium. Christian athletes can 
be seen praying in the middle of the court, field, or other playing sur- 
face after their games, and they are known for thumping their chests 
and pointing in the air after touchdowns, goals, or "baskets." This un- 
seemly sense of self-importance is disturbing, as God probably doesn't 
even watch sports." If they think He's actually paying attention when 
they "give praise" during their interviews, then they're probably even 
dumber than they sound. As far as the Flying Spaghetti Monster, He is 
believed only to watch NASCAR and an occasional game of soccer." 
How else to explain their popularity (NASCAR) and their survival as a 
professional American sport (soccer)? But we don't know for sure. 
Again, Christian athletes are highly dangerous and stupid, and should 
be avoided at all costs. 

Now that we've got the Christians covered, we can move on to the 
other religions. It is important to remember that, regardless of what 
you hear from many elected officials, there actually are other religions, 
and they will probably be around for a very long time. Let us explore 
further. 

ISLAM is the world's second largest religion after Christianity. Granted, 
we don't see a lot of Muslims in this country, but we do see a lot of them 
on television. It seems that many of them live in places like Iraq and 
Afghanistan. This is interesting to note, because some of our greatest 
missionary work is taking place in these places, where there are a surpris- 
ing number of Pastafarians in the military. While people believe that the 
president sent troops into Iraq to find WMDs, it's pretty much been com- 
mon knowledge that most of the weapons they were supposedly looking 
for were over in Iran and North Korea. So why did he send so many 
troops to the wrong country? As you know, until recently, Iraq was a 
country run by a secular government, under the rule of Saddam Hus- 
sein." High government officials in the United States predicted correctly 
that it would be easier to convert a secular country to Pastafarianism 
than it would be to convert, say, Iran. This program of bringing His Word 
to the people has been termed by the Pentagon as Operation Wiggly 



8. If anything, He should be 
paying attention to the news. 



9. See Diego Maranara's 
"Noodle of Cod." Argentina 
vs. England, June 22, 1986. 



10. Although Saddam does 
kind of resemble a Pirate, he 
most certainly is not a Pasta- 
farian. 



102« • The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

Multiappendaged Deity, or 
Operation WMD for short. As 
President Bush probably once 
said, "We are making progress 
in Iraq. But it's going to take 
time." Tune in to see how it 
goes. 

HINDUISM is another big 
religion. There are millions 
and millions of Hindus in 
India. You might just show a 
Hindu a picture of a typical 
Hindu god to illustrate the 
extreme noodliness of his appendages. That should work. 

BUDDHISM, like FSMism, is a highly peaceful religion. Buddhists prac- 
tice much meditation, and we suggest that the best way to allow for them 
to be touched by His Noodly Appendage is simply to share His favorite 
meal. After a couple of healthy portions of pasta, watch the Buddhist slip 
into a food coma, which is very much like experiencing meditation. 
When he comes out of it, he will most certainly have received enlighten- 
ment. 

JEWS are an interesting 
group to consider. They're 
certainly a driven bunch, 
often highly educated and 
well connected. For the highly 
educated Jews, simply follow 
the advice given above under 
"Academics." They will enjoy 
the empirical evidence that 
we provide them, and will 
surely adopt Pastafarianism 
for themselves. For Orthodox 





The Pastafarian Guide to Propaganda* *103 




Jews, point out the tzitzit" that they wear. Moses himself was 
told to wear one, and the strings do resemble His Noodly 
Appendages, so we can only assume that the Flying 
Spaghetti Monster made the suggestion in the first 
place. Those trendy Kabbalists wear red strings 
around their wrists to ward off the evil eye. Red is 
the color of His sauce, and string is the shape of 
His spaghetti, proving that even Madonna has 
been touched by His Noodly Appendage. 

JAIN ISM is perhaps the ultimate pacifist reli- 
gion. They don't believe in violence of any kind. 
They only eat vegetables. Some of them don't even 
wear clothes. They're like the three-toed sloths of religious people. Ap- 
proach them slowly, for they're known to spontaneously burst into 
tears. Talk to them quietly about our nonviolent and all-inclusive poli- 
cies. Don't mention the Pirates. Offer them some vegetable Ramen. The 
Jains are often starving and will appreciate the food. 

SHINTOISM is the official religion ofJapan.' 2 Yet it's interesting to 
note that a large percentage of Japanese people practice both Shinto- 
ism and Buddhism. This makes Shintoists an easy target. Simply sug- 
gest that they adopt a third religion: Pastafarianism. Again, offer them 
some Ramen. Japanese people love it. 

RASTAFARIANS are loosely organized and not particularly wide- 
spread. Because a large concentration of Rastafarians lives in the 
Caribbean, a key habitat of Pirates, Pastafarians and Rastafarians ap- 
pear to intermingle quite well. The best thing to do when converting 
Rastafarians is to wait. Once they've got the munchies, offer them some 
Ramen. Mention how the two religions rhyme. Point to Bob Marley's 
dreadlocks and compare them to the Noodly Appendaged FSM. We ac- 
tually believe that most Rastafarians are Pastafarians already. 

SCIENTOLOGISTS are best left alone. 

In summary, there are several ways to spread His Word. Depending 
on the location, it might be safer to post flyers, posters, brochures, etc., 



1 1 . A traditional garment 
with long trailing strings. 



Hindu gods appear to be 
patterned after the FSM. 



12. Coincidentallyjapan is 
the official country of 
Ramen. 



104 • • The Gospel of the flying Spaghetti Monster 



rather than confronting strangers. However, while anonymously 
planted flyers and brochures may convert a few people, they're probably 
not enough to convert those with a more skeptical mind. Our religion 
is, after all, admittedly hard to believe at first. But no one ever said that 
faith was easy, and having several packs of delicious, ready-to-cook 
Ramen around you at all times will help. Person-to-person evangelizing 
is a necessary method of outreach, as there are some people who will 
not allow themselves to be touched by His Noodly Appendage unless 
you're right there, putting it in their face. 



A Final Note from Bobby Regarding Midgets 



13. Located primarily at the 
North Pole. 



14. I suggest either a sign 
firmly attached to a meter 
stick, or in the unlikely but 
awesome occasion of two lit- 
tle people, please consider 
sitting atop the other's 
shoulders. I absolutely guar- 
antee my full attention in 
this case. 



I can honestly say that I've received much more flak over the term 
midgets from fully grown (oftentimes fat) people than from "little peo- 
ple" themselves. One could make the argument that the little person 
community " itself is not concerned with such petty matters of politi- 
cal correctness. And while that is a valid and probable explanation, in 
the name of full disclosure, I would like to note that my hearing is not 
the best, and that if an angry little person has ever confronted me over 
the term midget, I may not have noticed, as I generally look straight 
ahead. At any rate, until such time as a little person himself asks me to 
stop, 14 I will continue to use the term midget as often as possible. 



Pamphlets 



As intrepid soldiers of the FSM, we come armed only with our faith, 
numerous examples of observable evidence, and maybe some 
Ramen or placards. In addition, we have pamphlets, which reduce 
our message to easily digestible sound bites. Turn the page and 
read on. Feel free to copy these pamphlets for your own 
evangelical work. Consider them to be 
extensions of His Noodly message. 



RAmen 



FLYING SPAGHETTI MONSTERISM 

Have you been touched by His Noodly Appendage? 




THE CHURCH OF THE FLYING 
SPAGHETTI MONSTER 
There are multiple theories of Intelligent De- 
sign. Many people around the world are of the 
strong belief that the universe was created by a 
Flying Spaghetti Monster. It was He who cre- 
ated all that we see and all that we feel. We feel 
strongly that the overwhelming scientific evi- 
dence pointing toward Evolutionary processes 
is nothing but a coincidence, put in place by 
Him. 

WH&C CLSC SHOULD 1 KNOW? 
We have evidence that a Flying Spaghetti 
Monster created the universe. None of us, of 
course, were around to see it, but we have 
written accounts of it. We have several lengthy 
volumes explaining all details of His power. 
Also, you may be surprised to hear that there 



are over ten million of us, and growing. We 
tend to be very secretive, as many people 
claim our beliefs are not substantiated by ob- 
servable evidence. 

SCIENTIFIC PROOF 
He built the world to make us think the earth 
is older than it really is. For example, a scien- 
tist may perform a carbon-dating process on 
an artifact. He finds that approximately 75 
percent of the carbon- 14 had decayed by elec- 
tron emission to nitrogen- 14, and infers that 
this artifact is approximately 10,000 years 
old, as the half -life of carbon- 14 appears to 
be 5,730 years. But what our scientist does 
not realize is that every time he makes a mea- 
surement, the Flying Spaghetti Monster is 
there changing the results with His Noodly 
Appendage. We have numerous texts that de- 
scribe in detail how this can be possible and 
the reasons why He does this. He is, of course, 
invisible and can pass through normal matter 
with ease. 

i hi * 

MORC PROOF WTCH A GRAPH!! 
You may be interested to know that global 
warming, earthquakes, hurricanes, and other 
natural disasters are a direct result of the 
shrinking number of Pirates since the 1800s. 



GLOBAL AVERAGE TEMPERATURE v.. NUMBER OF PIRATES 



16 5 

U 




13 1 1 1 1 " 

40.000 30,000 20,000 10.000 

Number of Pirates 



CONCLUSION 
Thank you for taking the time to read about 
ourviews and beliefs. We hope this pamphlet 
was able to convey the importance ofteach- 
ing this theory to our children and to every- 
one. We can all look forward to the time 
when the three theories ofcreation are given 
equal time in our science classrooms across 
the country, and eventually the world : one 
third time for Intelligent Design, one third 
time for Flying Spaghetti Monsterism, and one 
third time for logical conjecture based on 
overwhelming observable evidence. 




" If Intelligent Design is taught in schools, 
equal time should be given to the FSM theory 
and the non-FSM theory." 

—Douglas Shaw, Ph.D. 

"Do not be hypocritical. Allow equal time for 
other alternative 'theories' like FSMism, which 
is by far the tastier choice." 

—J. Simon, Ph.D. 

"In my scientific opinion when comparing the 
two theories, FSM theory seems to be more 
valid than the classic ID theory." 

—Afshin Beheshti, Ph.D. 



The graph above shows the approximate num- 
ber of Pirates versus the average global tem- 
perature over the last two hundred years. As 
you can see, there is a statistically significant 
inverse relationship between Pirates and global 
temperature. 

WHAC DOCS CH1S MCAN? 
We are sure you now realize how important it 
is that this alternate theory is spread. It is ab- 
solutely imperative that everyone realizes that 
observable evidence is at the discretion ofthe 
Flying Spaghetti Monster. Furthermore, it is 
disrespectful to teach our beliefs without wear- 
ing His chosen outfit, which, ofcourse, is full 
Pirate regalia. I cannot stress the importance 
of this enough, and unfortunately cannot de- 
scribe in detail why this must be done as we 
have run out of space. The concise explanation 
is that He becomes angry ifwe don't. 



what the experts 

ARE SAYING 
"As a scientist, I'd like to say that the currently 
accepted scientific theory is Evolution. But 
some competing ideas have been proposed, 
such as ID and FSMism, and discussion to in- 
clude one should include the other, as these 
ideas are equally valid." 

— MarkZurbuchen, Ph.D. 

"It seems to me the FSM theory is MUCH 
more plausible than the non-FSM ID theory, 
because it is the only one of the two that 
takes into account all the discrepancies be- 
tween ID and measurable objective reality." 

—Douglas Shaw, Ph.D 

"All points of view should be available to stu- 
dents studying the origins of mankind." 

— Senator John McCain 

"[Evolution] is not a fact. . . . We're dealing 
with censorship here. If we only taught Shake- 
speare in English class, that wouldn't be fair." 

— Senator Chris Buttars 

"At one time, I believed as the Aztecs did, that 
the universe was created by two gods, Quetzal- 
coatl andTezcatlipoca, who attacked and 
ripped apart Hungry Woman to create the uni- 
verse. Then I believed, as the Moriori do, that 
the universe was created when Papa and her 



husband Rangi hugged and bore children. . .. 
However, my views have been swayed by . . . the 
Flying Spaghetti Monster (FSM). 1 am firmly 
convinced that the evidence ... has many of 
the trappings of science, and I therefore sup- 
port the inclusion of FSM creation evidence in 
the Kansas science curriculum and standards." 

— Sebastian Wren, Ph.D. 

"MMMMMmmmmm, spaghetti." 

— H. Neville, Ph.D. 

WHY YOU SHOULD CONVERT 
TO FLYING SPAGHGETTI 
MONSCGP1SM 

• Flimsy moral standards. 

• Every Friday is a religious holiday. 

• Our Heaven is WAY better. We've got a 
Stripper Factory AND a Beer Volcano. 

We APG ALL HIS CRGACURGS 

• How was the universe created? 

• What is the origin of species? 

• Why does empirical evidence seem to sup- 
port theories like Evolution, gravity, and 
quantum mechanics? 

• Why has the earth seen an increase in global 
warming, earthquakes, hurricanes, and 
other natural disasters since the 1800s? 

• What's with the full Pirate regalia? 

Open up for the answers to these questions and morel 



TOUCHED BYHIS NOODLY APPENDAGE 



CXCCPPCCD FPOM 
BOBBY HCNDCPSOTM'S OPCN 
LCCCCP co CHC KANSAS 
SCHOOLBOAPD 
I am writing to you with much concern after 
having read of your hearing to decide whether 
the alternative theory of Intelligent Design 
should be taught along with the theory of 
Evolution .. . 

Let us remember that there are multiple 
theories of Intelligent Design. 1 and many others 
around the world are of the strong belief that 
the universe was created by a Flying Spaghetti 
Monster. It was He who created all that we see 



and all that we feel. We feel strongly that the 
overwhelming scientific evidence pointing 
toward Evolutionary processes is nothing but 
a coincidence, put in place by Him. 

It is for this reason that I'm writing to you 
today, to formally request that this alternative 
theory be taught in your schools, along with 
the other two theories. If the Intelligent Design 
theory is not based on faith but on another 
scientific theory, as is claimed, then you must 
also allow our theory to be taught, as it is also 
based on science, not on faith. 

Some find that hard to believe, so it may 
be helpful to tell you a little more about our 



beliefs. We have evidence that a Flying 
Spaghetti Monster created the universe. None 
of us, of course, were around to see it, but we 
have written accounts of it. We have several 
lengthy volumes explaining all details of His 
power. Also, you may be surprised to hear 
that there are over ten million of us, and 
growing. We tend to be very secretive, as 
many people claim our beliefs are not sub- 
stantiated by observable evidence. What these 
people don't understand is that He built the 
world to make us think the earth is older than 
it really is. For example, a scientist may per- 
form a carbon-dating process on an artifact. 
He finds that approximately 75percent of the 
carbon-14 has decayed by electron emission 
to nitrogen-14, and infers that this artifact is 
approximately 10,000 years old, as the half- 
life of carbon-14 appears to be 5,730 years. 
But what our scientist does not realize is that 
every time he makes a measurement, the Fly- 
ing Spaghetti Monster is there changing the 
results with His Noodly Appendage. We have 
numerous texts that describe in detail how 
this can be possible and the reasons why He 
does this. He is, of course, invisible and can 
pass through normal matter with ease. 

I'm sure you now realize how important it 
is that your students are taught this alternate 
theory. It is absolutely imperative that they re- 
alize that observable evidence is at the discre- 
tion ofthe Flying Spaghetti Monster. 



Furthermore, it is disrespectful to teach 
our beliefs without wearing His chosen outfit, 
which of course is full Pirate regalia. I cannot 
stress the importance of this enough, and un- 
fortunately cannot describe in detail why this 
must be done as I fear this letter is already be- 
coming too long. The concise explanation is 
that He becomes angry if we don't. 



GLOBAL AVERAGE TEMPERATURE v» NUMBER OF PIRATES 

^16.5 ■ 




You may be interested to know that global 
warming, earthquakes, hurricanes, and other 
natural disasters are a direct effect ofthe 
shrinking number of Pirates since the 1800s 
For your interest, I have included a graph of 
the approximate number of Pirates versus the 
average global temperature over the last two 
hundred years. As you can see, there is a sta- 
tistically significant inverse relationship be- 
tween Pirates and global temperature. 

I am eagerly awaiting your response, and 
hope dearly that no legal action will need to 
be taken. I think we can all look forward to 
the time when these three theories are given 



equal time in our science classrooms across 
the country, and eventually the world; one- 
third time for Intelligent Design, one-third 
time for Flying Spaghetti Monsterism, and 
one-third time for logical conjecture based on 
overwhelming observable evidence. 

Smart People Who Agree with Us 

"One ofthe most exciting developments in 
physics recently is so-called string theory, in 
which all subatomic particles are described as 
microscopic vibrating strings. Obviously this 
is correct, though misnamed. As Noodle The- 
ory reveals, He has created the matter in the 
universe in His own quivering image! You, me, 
the earth, the stars ... are all built of trillions 
of tiny jiggling noodles, microscopic copies of 
our diving saucy maker. Boy-oh-Boyardi and 
Ramen!" 

— Steve Lawrence, Ph.D. 

"Having now perused the many facets of 
Pastafarianism, I believe there is great scope 
for women in this religion. Clearly the FSM 
has aspects of both male and female, with 
both 'Noodly Appendages' and two round 
meatballs, which clearly represent the breasts 
ofthe Great Mother Goddess." 

— Susanjohnston, Ph.D. 



"As a neuroscientist and clinical psychologist, 
I have often been struck by how the brain re- 
sembles pasta. Clearly, the FSM theory is wor- 
thy ofdeep thought. Or at least a side order 
ofgarlic toast. Which is more than I can say 
about ID, which, as St. Sigmund taught, 
should be subservient to EGO (equally goofy 
observations)." 

— James Blackburn, Ph.D. 

"Pastafarianism does not constitute a scientific 
theory, despite its apparent adherence to 
Heisenberg's uncertainty principle regarding 
the interactions of observer and observed. It 
should not be taught as science . . . unless, of 
course, ID creationism is also taught as science, 
in which case all bets are off. Best of luck, I'm 
offto the Old Spaghetti Factory for worship." 

— £ Scoff 

The Ontologicol Argument for FMS 

P1 . The Flying Spaghetti Monster is a being 

that has every perfection. 
P2. Existence is a perfection. 
C. Therefore, the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

exists. 

FOR MORE INFORMATION AND TO LEARN HOW 
YOU CAN HELP, PLEASE GO TO 

www.venqanza.org 



SWAG 



How to Make Your Own Pirate-Fish Stencil 



SUPPLIES 

Razor blade orX-Acto knife 

Thin cardboard 

Tape 

Spray paint 



Cut out the template at 
the back of this book. 



\ 



Swag ' * 1 1 5 




Tape the template to a piece 
of thin cardboard. 



Cut out the Pirate Fish. 
Don't forget a small line for 
the nostrils! 





Hold the stencil firmly 
against the surface you want 
to tag and spray paint. 




Swag* -11 7 




Spread the word in 
interesting places. 



118* • The Gospel of the Plying Spaghetti Monster 



How to Make Your Very Own 
Flying Spaghetti Monster Simulacrum 



SUPPLIES 

Two googly eyes 

One bag of rubber bands (about 50) 

One pipe cleaner 

Two brown fluff balls 

Glue 

Scissors 




The FSM simulacrum con- 
sists of one noodly loop, two 
noodly strands and two eye- 
stalks. It is best first to glue 
the googly eyes to the pipe 
cleaner, then the glue can 



dry while you make the 




Noodly Appendages. 



To begin the creation, you 
must first make a noodly 
loop by cutting several rub- 
ber bands and tying them 
onto an uncut band. 




Swag- • 119 




A completed 
noodlyloop. 



Here is the tricky part. Use 
one cut band to tie the 
noodly loop to the pipe 
cleaner. Tie it so that it 
pinches the loop in the 
middle, creating two loops 
that the fluff balls can later 
be inserted into. 





The noodly strands are 
made exactly the same way 
as the noodly loops, except 
that you tie the uncut bands 
onto a cut band instead of 
an uncut one. Use fewer 
bands for a noodly strand 
and concentrate them at the 
end of the cut band. Use 
about eight bands. 



120** The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 




Swag' • 121 




Fund-raisin 



NEVITABLY, THE MATTER OF MONEY will come up, and many will find 
it hard to believe that FSM is a free religion: Indeed, no tithing is ex- 
pected. Apparently our God is in a better financial position than 
Jesus, just to name an example. Churches are expensive, obviously, 
1. eta 2007. and ours — a Pirate Ship 1 — will require more upkeep than a conventional 
church, but the funds will come from unsolicited donations rather than 
expected contributions. No Pastafarian will ever endure the expectant 
look of a collection-holding, blue-haired old bat, as is customary among 
some of the other major religions. If members don't want to contribute to 
the cause, they don't have to. Freeloaders will be welcome aboard the 
Ship — however they most certainly will not be allowed to touch the can- 
nons. There has to be some motivation to contribute, after all. 

Still, we are not above devising certain fund-raising schemes to ensure 
that we can obtain as big and as glorious a Pirate Ship as possible. The 
sale of T-shirts helps. Also, coffee mugs and bumper stickers are effective. 
But FSMism is a highly international and Web savvy church, and we seek 
to utilize those attributes to bring in a particularly big windfall. 

Our idea for a major new fund-raising campaign involves time travel 
and the lottery. Ever since the world was discovered to be round, scien- 
tists and explorers have known that there are times when it is Tuesday 
in one place yet it remains Monday somewhere else. We plan on turning 
this often ignored fact to our advantage. By using super-fast Internet 
connections, we will have foreign Pastafarians on, say, Tuesday morning 
look up what the winning lottery numbers were and send them back to 
us where it's still Monday (i.e., in the past). This scheme will require a 
lot of cooperation on the part of Pastafarians, and we are certainly up 
to the task. While some may question the ethics of such a plan, we 
argue that our ethical standards are rock solid when compared to tel- 
evangelical Christians who garner a fair amount of their wealth from 
recently cashed Social Security checks. 



A Guide to the Holidays 




While all days spent as a Pastafarian are indeed glorious, 
there are a few very special days, commonly known as 
"holidays, " when we celebrate His Noodly Presence.' 



PASTOVER is a religious holiday analogous to the Jewish holiday of 
Passover, as well as the Christian holiday of Easter. During this time, 
Pastafarians across the globe are encouraged to eat copious amounts of 
pasta, usually spaghetti, which is cooked "in His image" by family 
members dressed as Pirates. Pastover celebrates the time when the Fly- 
ing Spaghetti Monster first began touching people with His Noodly 
Appendage. Many stories about this momentous occasion have been 
passed down through the centuries, and it is interesting to note that 
they are all completely different. Some are hardly even intelligible. Re- 
gardless of one's version of the story, however, all true believers partake 
of the pasta and perform the ritual Passing of the Eye Patch, in which 
each member at the table takes a turn wearing an eye patch and talking 
about why he or she is happy to have been touched. 



1. Quite a number of days are 
dedicated to saints of the 
Church of the Flying 
Spaghetti Monster. Although 
they will not be mentioned in 
this section, we should cor- 
rect one troubling misunder- 
standing: ChefBoyardee is 
not a saint and, in fact, may 
not even be a real person. 



RAM EN DAN is analogous to the Islamic period 
of fasting, prayer, and charity known as Ra- 
madan. Ramendan comes around the same 
time as Ramadan, and indeed the two holiday 
periods have their similarities. One of the 
major differences between the two, however, is 
that Pastafarians do not fast or pray, as doing 
so would conflict with their flimsy moral stan- 
dards. Instead, Pastafarians spend a few days 
of the month eating only Ramen noodles and 
remembering back to their days as starving 
college students. This simple act teaches 




124 • 'Che Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

Pastafarians to be happy about what they've accomplished, and if they 
haven't accomplished anything yet, to at least be happy that they are 
Pastafarians. Ramendan is the least commercial of the Pastafarian hol- 
idays, which is saying a lot, since you aren't going to see a Pastover sale 
at Macy's any time soon. At the end of Ramendan, Pastafarians are en- 
couraged to give their extra Ramen to those who are more needy. 

HALLOWEEN is an important Pastafarian holiday because it honors the 
time when Pirates roamed the earth in freedom. Pirates were His Cho- 
sen People, and their dwindling numbers have had a direct effect on the 
world around us. It can be safely assumed that the recent spate of earth- 
quakes, hurricanes, and other natural disasters, as well as the advent of 
global warming, can all be traced back to the alarming decrease in Pi- 
rates worldwide. Pastafarians often dress up as Pirates on Halloween 
and pass out candy to children. Indeed, it is a little known fact that the 
original Pirates were well known for passing out candy to children, but 
that practice grew less common as they became persecuted. During 
Halloween, Pastafarians are urged to travel their neighborhoods, if not 
the Seven Seas, in search of wenches and grog. 

INTERNATIONAL TALK LIKE A PIRATE DAY takes place every Septem- 
ber 19 and is a fine day for Pastafarians to celebrate their Pirate roots. 
Much like Halloween, Pastafarians are encouraged to seek out wenches 
and grog on this holiday; candy is optional. It should also be noted that 
International Talk Like a Pirate Day might be a good time for evangeli- 
cal work, as grog weakens even the most hardened mind and makes 
people more open to alternative viewpoints like Pastafarianism. It is es- 
timated that one half of annual conversions to the Church of the Fly- 
ing Spaghetti Monster take place on this day. 

FRIDAY is the holiest of the Pastafarian holidays and takes place each 
week. During this High Day, Pastafarians are encouraged to take it easy 
and, ifpossible, try to find some sun. Fridays are dedicated to the ideals 



J Guide to the Holidays 



beholden in the Beer Volcano and the Stripper Factory, and one can do 
no more to honor His Noodly Appendage than to observe Fridays with 
the utmost of piety. 

HOLIDAY encompasses pretty much all of the big commercial holidays 
celebrated by the other religions. Holiday stretches over most of De- 
cember and January, and it is interesting to consider how much this 
Pastafarian religion has spread over the last couple of years. In fact, 
many schools and businesses refer not to the "Christmas season," but 
to the Pastafarian "Holiday season" instead. This is strong evidence of 
our rapid growth, and we feel that a special thanks should go out to 
Wal-Mart, who rejected the Christian phrase "Merry Christmas" in 
favor of the Pastafarian greeting "Happy Holidays." We appreciate your 
support. 



enlightenment Institute 



ASTAFARIANS DON'T REST ON THEIR LAURELS. Sure We've got 
lots of proofs already, but we can never truly stop our effort 
to spread His Word (unless it's a Friday). 
String theory — all matter is created of little noodlelike strings. Co- 
incidence? 

Bacteria flagella — can anything that complex and noodlelike have 
happened by accident? Heresy. 

But obviously we need more evidence of His existence, and so we have 
established the Enlightenment Institute — a think tank devoted to prov- 
ing our a priori assumption that He exists, using all available specious 
arguments and circular logic to do so. In case you haven't been paying 
attention, this approach is totally legit in matters of religion, and has 
gained increased legitimacy in politicized science. This important work 
has been taken up by some of the greatest minds available to us. 

What follows are proofs that have been submitted to the Enlighten- 
ment Institute's publishing arm, the Science Creative Quarterly, the first 
science publication to take notice of the obvious legitimacy of FSM. 
They are the rare and hard-won fruits of some of the greatest thinkers 
at work in the world today. 



enlightenment Institute * • 1 27 



The Case for the Church of the Immaculate Induction 

Kelly Black 

DEPARTMENT OF MATHEMATICS 
UNION COLLEGE, SCHENECTADY, NY 

ABSTRACT 

Recent political efforts to broaden the scope of science education and bring science 
into the mainstream have generated a great deal of controversy. One of the things 
that has been sorely missing is the relationship between mathematics and religion. 
Here we attempt to inject a greater mathematical essence into religion as well as 
explore one immediate implication, the immaculate induction hypothesis. 

INTRODUCTION We focus on the injection of a greater mathematical sen- 
sibility within the religious community and examine the resulting im- 
plications. In doing so we agree that Intelligent Design is a valid 
viewpoint, but ask what this implies. We find that this implies a count- 
able sequence of all-powerful and all-knowing entities going back 
through all time. The basic argument is that the complexity of the 
known universe implies the existence of a creator. The union of the cre- 
ator and creation is a set that is more complex than just the universe 
and thus implies a creator of the larger set. An induction hypothesis 
follows readily from this approach. 

The motivation for this work comes from recent efforts to inject the 
ideas of Intelligent Design into the science curriculum, which has gen- 
erated enormous attention in the mainstream media. Unfortunately, 
both sides accuse the other of being close-minded. In this game of tug of 
war both sides must be recalcitrant in order for the game to continue. 

The current situation comes as little surprise to those of us in the 
mathematics community. We have been well aware of the proclivities of 
both sides. We have been long-time observers of both sides and have 
noted these tendencies for many millennia. The mathematics commu- 
nity itself is also composed of people who share most of the traits of both 
sides — dogmatic, religious fervor combined with supreme arrogance — 



• • The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

and we watch this terrible conflict with an awful understanding of the 
pain felt on both sides. 

It is for this very reason that the mathematics community can no 
longer sit on the sideline. In particular we address the need for a greater 
mathematical ethic within the religious community through a prelim- 
inary investigation of Intelligent Design. This may seem one-sided, but 
the close relationship that has developed between the mathematics and 
science communities (with the exceptions of chemistry, biology, geol- 
ogy, and psychology) is already well documented and subject to intense 
scrutiny. 

THE GENESIS STORY 

There has always been some tension between science and religion. Iron- 
ically, this tension has been seemingly focused on minor issues. The 
trial over Galileo's assertion that the earth revolves around the sun re- 
lies on a single, ambiguous statement within the Old Testament. Men 
of great intellect and passion clashed over a trivial statement that has 
since been all but forgotten. 

We now find ourselves with a similar clash. We are focused on the story 
of our origin. Again the clash centers on a relatively minor aspect of a 
broad tale. This time it is the Genesis story that is at the center of the con- 
flict. One might think that the Genesis story is really about the gift given 
to us by the creator. This is the gift of creation but more importantly the 
gift of free will. We were given creation and allowed the freedom to expe- 
rience it on our own terms with all of the associated responsibilities. 

It is easy to think that the story of Genesis comes down to the sim- 
ple message that it is immoral to force particular beliefs onto others. 
Such a simple interpretation ignores the powerful draw of the story of 
our origin. It is the story of our origin that has become the focal point 
of conflict. The primordial draw of the question of our origin drives us 
in a way that is beyond reason or explanation. 

The sacred texts of Christianity, Judaism, Islam, and all other reli- 
gions provide numerous examples about the relationships between the 



enlightenment Institute • 1 29 



weak and the powerful, the rich and the poor, and provide explicit 
guidance on how we should treat one another. Rather than focus on 
such simple ideals that are already clearly articulated within each of the 
sacred texts, we focus on the much more difficult and important story 
of our origin. 

THE MATHEMATICS OF THE CREATOR 

Our only way of studying the creator is to examine creation. The universe 
is a collection of simple objects that when brought together represent a 
staggering set of interactions. We are capable of studying and generating a 
basic understanding of small parts but are incapable of understanding 
the whole. For example, while sitting within this goldfish bowl we call 
"earth," light seemingly strikes us that appears to have been generated 
millions of years ago by events taking place on spatial scales beyond our 
understanding. At the same time, the molecular kinetics of proteins 
within our own cells exhibit nonlinear, chaotic oscillations that, taken to- 
gether, create the reliable, stable clockwork that makes life possible. This 
complexity implies the existence of a creator. 

All things around us have been created, and we denote creation as 
the "universe" or more formally as U lr That which initiated the creation 
of U 0 has the full power and understanding of all that is within £/, All 
that is within us and beyond us is contained in U„ and thus is a part of 
the understanding and abilities ofthe creator. At the same time the cre- 
ator, denoted C„, is an integral part of creation. The two do not stand 
apart but rather are part ofthe unity ofthe Grand Design. Taken to- 
gether we denote the union of C 0 and U, as G 0 . 

From where did G„ arise? The subtle interactions found within U„ 
imply the existence of C 0 . The cardinality of G„ is greater than or equal 
to the cardinality of U„ since C„ E G 0 . We find that a creator, denoted 
C b must exist as that can explain the intricacies of G 0 . From the exis- 
tence of C„ we find that G 0 must be contained within another universe 
composed of all that created by C, which we denote (A 

It is possible that Ui is equal to G„ but it is not necessary. Hence we 



• The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

have that G„ C Ui. We now have the basis for our induction hypothesis: 
Ci initiated 1 A . We denote the union of these two sets, Q U U\ as G„ 
Since the cardinality of Gi is greater than or equal to the cardinality of 
Ui, which was created by C„ there must exist a C, that can explain the 
intricacies and complexities of Gi. 

Proceeding in this way, we must conclude in the existence of G,. Ap- 
plying the same reasoning implies the existence of a countable set, G„ 
where G C G„, and associated with each G is a creator, Q. We leave the 
formal statement and proofofthe immaculate induction hypothesis as 
an exercise for the reader. 

Finally, this construction of G leads to a fascinating array of corol- 
laries such as 

G 0 = lim Pi G, 

that we do not explore here. We leave these as work to be completed 
with hopes that they will provide an enormous draw to this new and 
fascinating field of study. 

CONCLUSION 

In this paper we examine the mathematics of creation and uncover just 
one implication, the immaculate induction hypothesis. The availability 
of the power of mathematical analysis helps make clear the connections 
between the sacred and the profane. In this one example we examine the 
implication of just one simple religious truth, the complexity and beauty 
of the world around us imply the existence of a creator, C„. 

Through this one example we readily see that the power of mathe- 
matical analysis is a necessary component of any complete religious ed- 
ucation and makes the case that greater mathematical content be 
added to the religion curriculum. This is necessary because the practice 
of religious study requires the communication of complex ideals with 
intricate interactions. Religious dialogue requires that we discuss and 
share the nature of infinite love and the infinite universe. In doing so it 



enlightenment Institute • • 1 3 1 



simply is not possible to share the full spectrum of the sacred without 
the language of mathematics. 

Put simply, it is self-evident that the nature of religious dialogue has 
all the hallmarks of a hidden Grand Design. The intense and compli- 
cated interactions of nearly all human thought hide an underlying in- 
telligence that can only be explained by the presence of an intrinsic, 
hidden mathematical structure. 



1 32 • *The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



A Celeological Argument 

London W. Rabern 
DEPARTMENT OF MATHEMATICS 
UC SANTA BARBARA 

PROPOSITION 1. The universe exhibits too much structure to have 

evolved by chance. 
CONCLUSION 1. There was a creator. 

PROPOSITION 2. All things are subject to the passage of time. 

CONCLUSION 2. The processes of the universe were in action over the 
time period in which it was created. 

PROPOSITION 3. Nothing, not even a God, can know the exact out- 
come of a situation in the universe. Moreover, the uncertainty in- 
creases with the time elapsed since the parameters of the situation 
were known. 

CONCLUSION 3. If the creator wished to make the universe precisely as 
he pleased, then he would need to do it rapidly. 

PROPOSITION 4. Any being that would create a universe for his plea- 
sure is an egotistical maniac. 

CONCLUSION 4. The creator was an egotistical maniac. 

CONCLUSION 5. Since an egotistical maniac would want things done 
his way, he must have, by C3, made the universe extremely rapidly; 
in fact, as rapidly as possible. 

PROPOSITION 5. If a creator could affect more points of space simul- 
taneously, then he could create the structure in the universe more 
rapidly. 

CONCLUSION 6. A creator with more appendages than another could 

have created the universe more rapidly. 
CONCLUSION 7. Since, by C5, the creator made the universe as rapidly 

as possible, he has as many appendages as possible. 
PROPOSITION 6. The universe is discrete. 

CONCLUSION 8. There is a minimal thickness to the appendages of a 
creator. 



enlightenment Institute* 

CONCLUSION 9. A creator with thinner appendages can have more of 
them. 

CONCLUSION 10. By C7 and C9, the creator had as many appendages 

as possible, all of minimal thickness. 
CONCLUSION 11. The creator was a Flying Spaghetti Monster. 

Proof of Proposition 3: « 

PROPOSITION 7. The creator made us for his pleasure. 

PROPOSITION 8. There is no pleasure to be drawn from us if we do not 

have free will. 
CONCLUSION 12. We have free will. 

PROPOSITION 9. If the universe was predetermined, then we would 
not have free will. 

CONCLUSION 13. The universe is not predetermined. 

PROPOSITION 10. The creator set up the initial conditions of the uni- 
verse. 

CONCLUSION 14. By C13, there is uncertainty in the unfolding of the 
universe. 

CONCLUSION 15. As uncertainty on top of uncertainty brings even 
more uncertainty, as time passes, the level of uncertainty in- 
creases. 

CONCLUSION 16. Proposition 3 is true. 



RAmen. 



1 34« -The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

Of Penguins and Pasta 

Toby Leonard with editing by Jason Braunwarth 
HISTORIAN, SCHOLAR, AND ALL-AROUND SWELL GUY 

There is irrevocable proof that the Flying Spaghetti Monster (FSM) cre- 
ated the world. Some people point to selective fossil evidence and then 
use fuzzy interpolation to explain gaps in the fossil record, some use 
fictitious supreme beings, and others claim some Intelligent Designer 
created everything. I have factual proof that on every continent all that 
was created was touched by His Noodly Appendage. Others point to es- 
oteric folklore to explain "their God," but the FSM has touched every 
continent and every culture, leaving His mark with His Noodly Ap- 
pendage. To clarify this overwhelming preponderance of evidence I 
shall break this down by continent to make it understandable to even 
the densest dogmatist. To start, I shall strike at the legendary home of 
the WASP, Europe. 

Europe is the simplest example of the great work of the FSM. We can 
easily bear witness to the numerous pastas attributed to Italy, where 
one finds the origin of the contemporary name "Flying Spaghetti Mon- 
ster" in the pasta called "spaghetti." This long thin cylindrical pasta is 
not the only pasta on the menu; the types and shapes vary tremen- 
dously and the sauces that accompany them bring the selection to 
heavenly proportions. This is the most commonly cited example of evi- 
dence for the FSM, but there is evidence implying His existence before 
Italy discovered pasta. Certain geographical features are even named 
after Him. The Danube River is a perfect example: It is simply the old 
Hungarian term for "Da Noodle River." Even the uppity French have 
unquestionable Stone Age fossil evidence of His work in the "Acheulean 
Stone Twirling Spaghetti Fork" from Saint- Acheul, France, which has 
been dated approximately 1,000,000 to 300,000 B.C.E. From this we can 
gather unquestionable evidence of His hand in human cultures dating 
back as far as one million years. 

Europe, while first discussed in this essay, is not the starting point of 
Pastafarian history. Africa, the birthplace of humanity, is a continent 



enlightenment Institnte 



that is only beginning to be discovered by Pastafarian archaeologists, 
its potential for providing incontrovertible evidence of the Noodly 
One's manipulations is only recently being realized. This minor over- 
sight of the archaeological community is exemplified by the presence of 
only two significant facts of historical record. The first is the presence 
of their own version of pasta, the Moroccan couscous, which was obvi- 
ously manna from Heaven and its abundance and shape is reflective of 
the environment in which it is eaten. Couscous is shaped in the likeness 
of sand, to match the sandy desert environment in which the early Mo- 
roccans lived. This is an example of how the FSM is kind and under- 
standing of the people in giving them a gift of pasta to which they can 
relate. Without an example of stringy spaghetti in the habitat, the peo- 
ple would not have known what to do with stringy noodles, so the FSM 
shaped their pasta to match that of sand and instructed the locals to 
eat it. Now great sand dunes can be looked upon as manna from 
Heaven in the form of huge piles of couscous. The second example is 
from ancient Egypt. Due to a mistake in translations from the Rosetta 
Stone, the word for "reed" was substituted for "Megaghetti" (a large di- 
ameter form of spaghetti), thus the hieroglyphs were incorrectly inter- 
preted as showing people gathering reeds instead of making huge 
bundles of megaghetti. The Phoenicians were said to have made reed 
boats to sail the seas, and everyone knows this is impossible. Anyone 
would know that megaghetti boats would self-seal in a pasty mass 
when contacting the warm ocean waters, producing a leakproof, sea- 
worthy vessel. It is through these original megaghetti boats that trade 
in the Mediterranean Sea was started. So we see that from Africa, the 
FSM touched the desert people and started major trading empires. We 
shall go across the Atlantic to the New World empires. 

South America had great ancient civilizations. They had gold galore, 
they had yams, chocolate, potatoes, corn, cocaine, calendars that 
needed a leap day every few hundred years, extensive agriculture, and a 
huge bureaucracy. However, they lacked three important things re- 
quired in any ancient civilization: They never utilized the wheel, they 
didn't have horses, and they had no pasta. The shame ofnot being able 



• "The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

to roll or ride was bad enough, but to not eat pasta pulled at the very 
fabric of society. Both the Incas and the Aztecs tried to make up for 
these shortcomings. They conquered natives, they collected gold, they 
made temples, they pleaded to inferior gods, but nothing they tried 
worked. In desperation they started sacrificing humans to appease the 
inferior gods in hopes of gaining the great knowledge of noodles to 
guide them. This gambit was doomed to fail, and the arrival of Cortez 
hastened this failure. Some scholars claimed it was smallpox that wiped 
out Montezuma's armies, but that was hot the case. Cortez brought 
not smallpox, but a small tin of SpaghettiOs. Montezuma, realizing his 
own lack of SpaghettiOs, ordered his troops to fall upon their swords 
in shame. Ninety-seven percent of the population committed suicide, 
for their inability to attain enlightenment and noodles caused them 
desperation and abject shame. The other 3 percent were shameless cow- 
ards. Cortez, never one to shy away from credit, be it earned or not, 
claimed to have conquered the nation for Spain and gathered up the 
gold and sailed back. But it was a tin of SpaghettiOs that conquered the 
great Aztec empire. 

Moving north to North America we see the Native American civiliza- 
tions that had been touched by Him. The most glaring evidence of His 
influence is the aspen tree. This tree's name was derived from the 
Ojibwa (aka Chippewa) term Aspe meaning "tree of gods that gives noo- 
dles, grows straight and tall, and rustles in the wind like the Noodly Ap- 
pendages of the Great Flying One" (a minor side note; The Ojibwa were 
very good at shortening phrases into simple words). The truth provided 
by this tree of gods is self-evident in that the aspen has an inner bark 
that can be removed, cut into strips, and boiled into an edible noodly 
dish. This was very good when served with pemmican balls made of 
venison. This is very close to spaghetti and meatballs. While some 
scholars claim it was convergent Evolution, we know it was designed by 
the FSM. The early colonial culture was inspired by the gifts the FSM 
gave, including the gift of pasta. This is clearly expressed in the chil- 
dren's song lyric of "Yankee Doodle stuck a feather in his hat and called 
it macaroni." "Macaroni" ... a simple coincidental rhyming word? I 



enlightenment Institute- 



think not! It is historical fact. The revolutionary Charles Kraft started 
supplying the colonists with boxes of Kraft macaroni and cheese to 
spite the English, who were insisting everyone eat biscuits andjam. The 
use of macaroni was a way for early colonists to thumb their noses at 
King George through their dinner plates. The Flying Spaghetti Mon- 
ster left his mark on Native American culture and helped the American 
Revolution strike a blow for democracy against tyranny. We now can 
move to another English colony, Australia. 

Australia is a relatively newly discovered continent. It was left un- 
touched by Europeans until very recently in human history. The clear- 
est example of the guiding Noodly Appendage of the FSM is the 
kangaroo. These spry marsupials have witnessed the Great One and are 
working their way toward enlightenment. The little joeys realize that to 
fly like the FSM is the first step to godliness. So the joeys jump, trying 
to remain airborne for as long as possible in an attempt at flying. They 
spend their days meditatively trying to jump high enough to become 
airborne and fly like the great one. A group of older transcendental 
kangaroos (and one tigger, a catlike creature with tops made of rubber 
and bottoms of springs) have accomplished this and meditatively levi- 
tated through the air like the FSM. This meditative spell was promptly 
broken by the arrival ofJapanese tourists snapping pictures of flying 
kangaroos led by a tigger. To reward the kangaroos for their faith the 
FSM arranged for the tourists to be eaten by Godzilla upon returning 
to Japan. The unintended consequence was that it also ruined their 
film, so the photo evidence of flying kangaroos being led by a tigger is 
lost to humanity. Otherwise there is only minor circumstantial evi- 
dence of His work in Australia. Most notable among this evidence is 
that the trees in the fairly lifeless outback are often referred to singu- 
larly as a "stringy bark," implying they pop up like the FSM flying up- 
side down, which incidentally is why Australia is called "down under." 

While Australia is replete with circumstantial evidence of the FSM, 
you need only travel to the north to discover evidence of a more con- 
crete nature. China has the oldest fossilized noodles in the world. The 
archaeological community discovered an upturned bowl of noodles 



1 38 • *The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

that had been fossilized over the last four thousand years, making them 
the oldest noodles in the world. There were reports of seven bowls of 
fossilized noodles dating back to 8000 B.C.E. discovered in the southern 
Yangtze Province, but those were looted and served as "extra crunchy 
fried noodles" to the lunch crowd at City Wok in South Park, Colorado, 
for $3.95 plus tax. Any noodles left over were devoured by a corpulent 
nine-year-old boy of foul demeanor and temperament. Thus, the valid- 
ity of this finding cannot be verified. This is just another case of how 
looting of antiquities causes their loss to the scientific community as a 
whole. Other evidence in Asia is the variations of noodles available. One 
can find short crisp noodles served as chow mein noodles in China, pad 
thai noodles in Thailand, and Ramen noodles in Japan, just to name a 
few. So noodles are an important part of the diet of Asia. In contrast, we 
will proceed to the last continent, Antarctica. 

Antarctica, the cursed, is the continent that is the Pastafarian equiv- 
alent to Christianity's Hell. The Beer Volcano froze over millennia ago, 
the strippers wear big bulky parkas and snow pants, and the place is 
covered in ice and snow. The only native inhabitants are the ones cursed 
by Him. He has cast out those who have forsaken Him, the penguins. 
The short stout penguins are the direct descendants of the original 
midget. The midget got mad at the FSM for making him short and out 
of anger cursed the Great One loudly and profanely. In retaliation, the 
vengeful FSM cast the reject to the coldest part of the world, and 
morphed the degenerate into a penguin. The penguin is the opposite of 
all that is godly. It has wings, but cannot fly. It has flippers instead of 
hands, so is unable to pick up noodles. It eats naught but fish, which 
makes nasty fishy meatballs. He created a land that is incapable of 
growing anything worthy of pasta creation; krill, the only thing the 
penguins have to make noodles from, tastes disgusting. Thus Antarc- 
tica is the land of rejected creations. Learning from this mistake, the 
next thing He made after the midget was a dwarf, which turned out 
pretty hilarious when it got drunk from the volcano and started simul- 
taneously swearing at and hitting on the strippers. So the FSM kept 



enlightenment Institute 



dwarfs as an amusing distraction. He was so distracted he forgot the 
next thing on His to-do list, "make penguin-eating sharks." 

So we can see by the preponderance of evidence that it is beyond a 
shadow of a doubt that the Great Flying Spaghetti Monster created 
everything in the world and has influenced Evolution throughout all of 
history. It has been shown that His Noodly Appendage has touched 
every continent and every civilization around the globe. This evidence 
has been carefully cataloged by the scribes assigned to the great Pirate 
sailing vessels as they journey around the world gathering archaeologi- 
cal evidence of the Great One. The only continent they avoid is Antarc- 
tica, and that is because they know not to go there; Shackleton brought 
back records of what the ungrateful penguins tried to do to him and 
his crew when they were stranded there. This evidence spans the globe, 
made manifest in the chow mein noodles of China, the aspen noodles 
of Nebraska, the flying kangaroos of Australia, and the great mega- 
ghetti boats of the ancient Phoenicians. This should settle all debates 
over the influence of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. 



• The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



FSM Cheologebro 

CHURCH OF THE FLYING SPAGHETTI MONSTER: ALGEBRA 

Alexander Gross 

Profound science uses mathematics to prove theories. This paper intro- 
duces fundamental algebra and Boolean logic into theology to prove that 
the Flying Spaghetti Monster is the one and only god. The perspective 
shown here makes any other philosophy senseless and undesirable. Actu- 
ally, it has the potential to negate even itself — dear God, what have I done? 

Before starting to prove god, it is necessary to extend Boolean logic 
with a few new operators: 

The then-and-only-then operator: && 
The not-or-never operator: ## 
The so-it-is term: T 

These three symbols are defined by the following relations, where x is 
an arbitrary variable of any dimension: 

3x/a&& + dx/d## = && x ## = ## x && = T 

Additionally, some religiously important symbols have to be declared: 

The god operator: 9 
The enlightenment constant: T 
The religion symbol: i{ 
The faith symbol: f 

Now let the set of all major religions be defined as il = {0, S*»* ©, 1", 
G, $}, where 0 stands for Atheism, ** A for Flying Spaghetti Monster 
Church, © for Buddhism, T for Christianity, G for Islam, and A for 
Hinduism. 

Simple vector algebra helps define the logical religion equations 
where n < 00 n e N: 



enlightenment Institute* » 141 



6 
t 

G 



##■9 
n + (1$) 
t 

i 9 

(&&■•) 

(n + ir) • 9 



The interpretation of n is not as easy as one may expect. It represents 
the amount of believed influence of god in everyday life. In Hinduism, 
two terms containing n are present because of the great number of gods 
in which they believe. The FSM Church has one n factor because its god 
is still alive. The other elements of il either have a dead messiah or no 
god at all. 

As you may have noticed, a god difference A $ ("delta god") is pres- 
ent, which can of course be calculated by summation of all god factors: 

A $ = ## +1+0+1+ && + n + n 2 
A $ = n 2 + n + 2 

This outstanding quadratic equation will be solved later in this paper. 

In general, the faith symbol is defined to be the sum of god's influ- 
ence on earth: 



LEMMA: All elements ofil show a profound conservation of faith. This is 
similar to the conservation of energy in physics. 

Sometimes, someone ministers an ecumenical church service. In this 
case, the god difference is zero. A little historical excursus leads us to Ec- 
umenes, who was the first to prove this important equation. Ecu- 
menes fulfilled all criteria of a human being except the criterion of exis- 
tence. What a pity. This important equation also allows solving the qua- 
dratic equation mentioned earlier: 



t ='A-n 2 



. . . Conservation of faith 



• The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



A$ = 0 

n 2 + n + 2 = 0 
n = -'/2 V('/4-2) 
n - -'/2 V(-7 • 'A) 
n = -'/2-i- V(7-'/4) 
n - -0.66i 



. . . 1st principle of Ecumenes 



. . . 2nd principle of Ecumenes 



LEMMA: Solving the first principle of Ecumenes leads to introducing the 
complex numbers into FSM Theologebra. 

The next issue illustrates how useful mathematical methods applied 
to nonalgebraic subjects can be. In general, the gradient results in the 
direction of a multidimensional structure. Assuming that god is a mul- 
tidimensional structure, the divergence of god, written V-$, represents 
god's will. Applying our extended Boolean structure on the Nabla sym- 
bol, we can define it as the derivation after && (then-and-only-then) 
and ## (not-or-never) and insert the god operator: 

v = (a/a&&, 3/a##) T 

V 9 - + d9/d ## /3x/3&& + 3x/3## - && x ## = T 

V = &&X## = T /in words: "God's will, so it is." 

A different philosophical approach to this topic brings us closer to 
the question: "What does God really want?" This is very easy to answer. 
God wants faith to arise with greater influence and he wants himself to 
arise with greater influence. This results in a second equation for god's 
will: 

V • $ ■ 3f/3n + d$/9n /insertthe conservation of faith 

V ■ Q = d( l /i ■ n 2 )/dn +a$/3n / solve the derivatives 
V - ^ = n + (l - ^) / insert the 2nd principle of Ecumenes 

V • $ = -0.66i + (1 • ^ ) /«*--0.66i + (l-$)-n + (l$) 

In words: "God's will is the Church of the Flying Spaghetti God." 



enlightenment Institute • 
Inserting this result into the earlier result for god's will implies 
V$ = &&x ## - 

Spoken: "Church of the Flying Spaghetti God — so it is." 



* • The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



Pirates and Faith 

Alexis Drummond 

It has been a sad fact to Pastafarians globally that Piracy is on the de- 
cline. This displeases our Noodly Lord, the Flying Spaghetti Monster, 
and He has shown His discontent by showering us with more and more 
natural disasters. This past year alone shows just how much we have in- 
curred His wrath, from tsunamis and hurricanes and earthquakes, not 
to mention the ever-worrisome dilemma of global warming. But to 
those who are not well-versed in FSMism, it must seem a puzzle why our 
merciful and great Noodly Lord should choose Pirates as His shepherds. 

To answer this question, we must look back to days when these noble 
swashbucklers roamed the high seas. Pirates were a superstitious bunch, 
and tales abound as to the creatures they encountered. One famous ex- 
ample is the myth that upon encountering manatees, Pirates mistook 
them to be mermaids. In reality our holy texts show undeniable evidence 
that mermaids are in fact real, but the Flying Spaghetti Monster, in His 
infinite Noodly wisdom, has hidden them from us to express His grow- 
ing ire. But I digress. 

More important, one myth made especially famous by Twenty Thou- 
sand Leagues under the Sea is maritime struggles with a giant squid. It is 
easy enough to take these claims at face value, but when one probes 
deeper some things become suspect. For instance, for decades the only 
evidence science has been able to offer are dead specimens. Why is it, all 
of a sudden after such a long search, that one was finally "discovered" 
alive? And what is a squid after all but a creature with many tentacles 
and giant eyes? 

The truth, we Pastafarians know, is that this first myth of a giant 
squid was the Flying Spaghetti Monster revealing Himself unto His 
Chosen People. They were true believers in the power He held and of His 
Noodly Might, and so He granted them the rare and awesome opportu- 
nity of an audience. It has been speculated by many FSMist scholars that 
the first mention of an angry squid attacking a ship was in fact the Fly- 



enlightenment Institute • 



ing Spaghetti Monster hugging the ship for its faithfulness, and a 
nearby naval vessel, which had been hoping to arrest these pious souls, 
mistook our Noodly Lord's loving embrace for a cruel sea monster 
rather than the good and gracious Flying Spaghetti Monster that He is. 

As for this evidence allegedly found by scientists, we are of the belief 
that the Flying Spaghetti Monster created the one living example of a 
giant squid as a test to see who was a true believer. For those without 
faith, or whose faith was weak, the squid confirmed these myths. For 
those of us who wholeheartedly believe in the Flying Spaghetti Mon- 
ster, we knew that this was merely a false messiah with nothing but hol- 
low promises and an unusual smell. It is this latter group who shall be 
truly rewarded for understanding that the Noodly Lord can create 
weird creatures like giant squids just as easily as He can plant "evi- 
dence" of a fossil record dating back what appears to be several thou- 
sand years, as well as make them seemingly link together in a systematic 
Evolutionary process. All dead specimens and infant specimens found 
ofthe giant squid are indeed bits of His Noodly Appendage that He has 
doffed, and by the miracle of Him they formed a creature similar to His 
shape, though nowhere near His perfection and beauty. 

Now that we understand the importance of Pirates, we must turn to 
the dilemma ofthe decreased number ofthem in this world. True, there 
are many Internet Pirates bootlegging music and movies, but the over- 
whelming majority ofthem do not garb themselves in the regalia man- 
dated by such a noble title. While we FSMists cannot condone any 
illegality on the behalf of these individuals, we would like to take this 
opportunity to encourage any who partake in these activities to find 
appropriate attire suitable for their profession. 

In conclusion, Pirates are an essential part not only of our own faith, 
but ofthe welfare of our entire planet. Any devout Pastafarian ought to 
don piratical regalia on all religious holidays, as well as when preaching 
the Good Word to those who have not yet discovered the saving grace 
ofthe Flying Spaghetti Monster. After looking at this overwhelming ev- 
idence and being touched by His Noodly Appendage, I can't imagine 
who wouldn't say "a Pirate's life for me." 



146 « * The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



evidence of the Baker 
/. R, Blackwell 

If we were to walk along the beach together, holding hands, and were to 
find at our feet a German chocolate cake, we would undoubtedly be 
surprised. Our shock at finding this seductive pastry results from the 
inborn knowledge that cake does not rise from the sands unbidden. A 
cake must have a baker. We understand that cakes do not simply appear 
randomly out of the void because of their form and complexity; if the 
frosting were removed, or the butter replaced with tuna salad, what we 
would have before us would not be the delicious concoction that we call 
cake. It would be burned, unfrosted tuna, and that would be disap- 
pointing. There had to be a Baker for our cake, and further, since it is a 
glistening, moist German chocolate cake, there must also be Germans. 

For we all also know that, like cake, chocolate is not naturally occur- 
ring. Chocolate must be created by Germans, people who have alchemic 
power over the raw substance of cacao, thus to make it into the divine 
element we know as chocolate. The process of making chocolate is a 
mystical one, as any process that creates such a delicious product must 
undoubtedly be. The creators of chocolate are almost as complex as the 
chocolate itself, and tracing this line oflogic, we begin to comprehend 
that chocolate makers (Germans) must also have a Baker. The majestic 
nature of chocolate clearly points to a mystical origin, and since the 
world is full of majesty, we suddenly understand that this Baker must 
also be a source of great spiritual power as well. 

This world, which is infinitely more complex than cake, even if the 
cake is both German and chocolate, cannot occur out of chance: It 
must have a divine Baker. There are levels of form and purpose that will 
not rise without the intervention of a Baker, and the world is full of 
such mixed and layered forms. The most striking of these forms is that 
of a Pirate. 

Nothing but the divine could have created such a glorious creature 
as the Pirate, let alone a ship full of Pirates! Pirates could only have 



enlightenment Institute * 



been created by a divine Baker who, with His wisdom, applied levels of 
logic and organization to the completed life of all existence. A Pirate is 
made up of several distinct elements: his love for the sea, his fanciful at- 
tire, his endless search for booty, and his parrot. His love of the sea is 
complex, for, as he loves the lady of the sea, breaking her maidenhead 
with each thrust of his prow, he also scorns her, as she brings him 
storms and danger. A Pirate has fanciful costume; sashes and golden 
rings that could not have emerged from the void, but have a form and 
function made specifically for the body of the Pirate. His lustful search 
for booty borders on an obsession, an endless quest for the hidden is- 
land that rumors say contains a cursed treasure. It seems contradictory 
that a Pirate would search for cursed treasure, but that in itself is evi- 
dence of the divine plan of our Baker. 

Even the parrot that sits perched on the Pirate's shoulder is master- 
fully formed, a creature able to mimic the Pirate's own words, lending 
an ominous weight to their meaning. Such a bird could not have been 
created from a process by which elements available in the primordial 
stew of a young earth experienced passing electrical currents that stim- 
ulated them to form a variety of molecules, including a self-replicating 
molecule, which, over time, produced varieties that competed with one 
another for resources, becoming ever more complex through competi- 
tion and mutation, some of which developed strategies involving coop- 
eration for an advantage in the replication process, an advantage that 
produced an interactive whole that could have developed limbs for 
movement, light-sensitive cells that eventually became eyes, and bright 
colorful feathers that would be used to attract mates and thus continue 
the process of replication originated in those basic self-replicating mol- 
ecules of the primordial stew. No! That explanation is far too complex 
to be accurate, and moreover, I don't understand it, so it must be 
wrong. 

What I do understand is cake. Cake, especially German chocolate 
cake, is scrumptious and was made by a Baker. The theory of science 
speculates that at the creation of things, there was a Big Bang. Could 
we not see this as a Big Baking? What of the Baker? Who, at the begin- 



*The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

ning oftime, baked all things, completed the mixing, and rolled out the 
world, giving it a warm center and a crispy crust? Who was this Baker, 
this elemental divinity who created the world? Our only explanation 
for this Baker is the Flying Spaghetti Monster, the creature that mysti- 
cally baked the world into being. Holy men with the gift of sight are 
able to discern the teachings of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. These 
holy men are good guys, not above lending a ten-spot or buying a guy a 
beer. To say that they are wrong, that what they preach is not complete 
fact, is to say that they are evil liars, which I will not stand by and listen 
to you say about our holy men. 

Scientists claim that the creation of the earth was something involv- 
ing math or chemicals. I find math and the physical sciences to be irri- 
tating, and those scientists, none of whom have ever lent me a ten-spot, 
are stuck-up jerks who are blind to the truth of the Flying Spaghetti 
Monster. How many elephants had to die to make their ivory towers? 
Jerks. 

Evidence of a Holy Baker is in our world, in cake and in chocolate. 
Scientists tell us that the world was a stew, when I think it is clearly a 
layered cake. They have the stew idea, and I have a theory that stands by 
cake. Who but the divine, who was actually there, could say which one 
of us is right? Cakes are made by mortal bakers, chocolate is divinely 
mixed by Germans, and Pirates are inexplicably complex. All these fac- 
tors lead us to the conclusion that our world was created by the Flying 
Spaghetti Monster, who, in His wisdom, baked us all. 



enlightenment Institute • 



Piracy as a Preventor of Cropical Cyclones 
Jacob D. Haqq-Misra 
DEPARTMENT OF METEOROLOGY 
PENNSYLVANIA STATE UNIVERSITY 

Michael B. Larson 

DEPARTMENT OF PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY 
UNIVERSITY OF WYOMING 

ABSTRACT 

Recent hurricane seasons have been characterized by intense and frequent trop- 
ical cyclones. One contributor is the increased sea-surface temperature, which is 
caused by decreased upwelling of cold deep-ocean water. We demonstrate that de- 
creased Pirate activity results in less upwelling. This suggests that the only viable 
solution to intense tropical cyclones is to increase Pirate activity. 

INTRODUCTION 

The destructiveness of the 2004 and 2005 hurricane seasons has 
heightened public and scientific awareness of the possible long-term 
consequences of global warming. Although the link between hurricane 
strength and global warming remains speculative, recent work has 
shown that hurricanes have intensified over the past thirty years (Em- 
manuel, 2005), with an increase in the number of category 4 and 5 
hurricanes and a decrease in those classified as categories 1 and 2. 
Emmanuel (1987) argued that hurricane intensity is a function of the 
sea surface temperature (SST) which, of course, increases as the earth 
warms. But other factors are important as well. Lighthill et al. (1994) 
pointed out that while a lower SST limit of 26 °C is required for tropi- 
cal cyclone formation, several other key factors contribute to formation 
and intensity. 

The increase in global average temperature is well correlated with a 
decrease in global Pirate population, as evident in Figure 1 (Henderson 
2006). 



1 50 * 'Che Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



Figure 1 



GLOBAL AVERAGE TEMPERATURE vs. NUMBER OF PIRATES 


C 


J 000 


□ 




J 15.5 
Cl 




1 - 












0 13.5 




13 


40.000 30.000 20,000 10.000 0 
Number of Pirates 



PIRACY AND UPWELLING 

Piracy decreases the average SST by inducing upwelling of cold deep- 
ocean water. Various Pirate activities contribute to upwelling. These 
include involuntary crew resignation, intervessel interactions, and 
acoustically transmitted oscillations (Bligh, 1789; Stevenson, 1883). 

Involuntary crew resignation (ICR, aka "walking the plank") involves 
a Pirate or captive being forcibly ejected from a vessel at sea. This results 
in upwelling from displacement of water by the ejectee (Archimedes, 
c. 250 B.C.E.). 

Intervessel interactions (IVI, aka "sea combat") consists of transmis- 
sion ofprojectiles between vessels, resulting in destruction or boarding. 
Upwelling is caused by scattered projectiles and by sinking of vessel el- 
ements. 

Acoustically transmitted oscillations (ATO, aka "sea shanties") were 
originally intended to boost morale of rowing Pirates. They have as- 
sumed ritual functions with the ascent of external power supplies. 
ATOs produce upwelling by disturbing the sea surface. This increases 
motion of large biological entities ("fish" or "whales"), producing dis- 
placement. 



MODEL RESULTS 

We have modeled Pirate-induced upwelling using the PARROT (Piratic 
Activity Realization Rate of Oceanic Tendencies) oceanic circulation 




model (Haqq-Misra et al., 2006). This model has 0.5 ° resolution and ac- 
curately reproduces present-day ocean currents (Figure 2a). 

We simulated normalized Pirate-induced upwelling (in upwelling Pi- 
rate units, or upu) over the three upwelling categories described above. 
An ICR event produces 1 upu. IVIs produce a variable number of upu. 
We used a Maxwellian with an average of 1,000 upu. It should be noted 
that IVI events can produce multiple ICRs. ATO produces continuous 




1 52 • 'Che Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

upwelling, based on the local Pirate density and oceanic biotic activity. 
The world average ATO is about 0.5 upu/day. 

We averaged Pirate activity from 1605 to 2005 for each ocean grid 
cell. While recent Pirate activity is weak and concentrated off the So- 
mali coast (BBC, 2005), historically Piracy has been concentrated in the 
Caribbean (Bruckheimer, 2003). This is consistent with our model re- 
sults, which produce significant Pirate-induced upwelling in the At- 
lantic basin (Figure 2b). 

DISCUSSION 

We have demonstrated that Pirate activity produces upwelling. It is 
thus obvious that a decreasing Pirate population will result in less 
oceanic upwelling, especially in the Atlantic basin. 

As evidenced by the 2004 and 2005 hurricane seasons, decreased up- 
welling results in increased SSTs and more intense tropical cyclones. 
Our PARROT model predicts that if the downward trend in Piracy con- 
tinues, tropical cyclones will intensify. The hurricane season may also 
lengthen due to increased SST 

PREDICTIONS AND EXPERIMENT 

The PARROT model has not been experimentally verified. Therefore, 
we have predicted the upwelling and global impact resulting from a sin- 
gle ICR event. While the effects of an ICR event depend on the mass of 
the ejectee, our model predicts a reduction ofroughly 10 percent in the 
number of named tropical storms in the Atlantic basin in the 2006 sea- 
son as a result of a relatively small ICR event off the northern Puerto 
Rican coast between March 9 and March 13, 2006. 

We intend to experimentally verify PARROT by producing such an 
ICR event. At least one of the authors of this paper will be present for 
the experiment, to measure the exact upu value of the event. 



CONCLUSIONS 

We have demonstrated that decreased Piracy contributes to increased 
tropical cyclone intensity. The only viable solution is to increase Pirate 



enlightenment Institute* * 



activity, especially in the Atlantic basin. We suggest that ICRs and ATO 
are preferable to IVIs, because they offer finer control of upwelling ef- 
fects. 

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 

We thank the Flying Spaghetti Monster for inspiring this work and 
Robert Henderson for advocating Piracy to fight global climate change. 

REFERENCES 

Archimedes (of Syracuse), c. 250 B.C.E. On Floating Bodies. Syracuse, Greece. 

Bligh, W. 1789. Log of the H.M.S. Bounty. Royal Navy, London, UK. 

British Broadcasting Corporation. Nov. 25, 2005. "US Firm to Fight Somali 
Pirates." London, UK. 

Bruckheimer, J. 2003. Pirates of the Caribbean. Disney Enterprises, Orlando, Fla., 
USA. J 

Emanuel, K. A. 1987. "The Dependence of Hurricane Intensity on Climate." Na- 
ture, 326,483-485. 

. 2005. "Increasing Destructiveness of Tropical Cyclones over the Past 

Thirty Years." Nature, 436, 686-688. 
Haqq-Misra, J. D., et al. 2006. A Predictive Ocean Circulation Model. In press. 
Henderson, R. 2006. The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. Villard, New York. 
Lighthill, J., et al. 1994. "Tropical Cyclones and Global Climate Change." BAMS, 

75, 2147-2157. 

Stevenson, R L. 1883. Treasure Island. Cassell &Co., London, UK. 



1 54 • 'Che Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 



Life, Kolgoromov Complexity, and Delicious Spaghetti 

Nick Moran 



To begin, let us look at the forms oflife we can see on this planet. They 
all exhibit a certain degree of complexity that is not found in nonliving 
matter. A dog is much more complex than a rock. To express this, we 
can use the concept of Kolgoromov complexity. Living things possess 
high Kolgoromov complexity, because their DNA is decidedly uncom- 
pressible. As an example, consider the string of bits 10101010. This 
string has very low Kolgoromov complexity because it can be com- 
pressed to "write 10 four times." On the other hand, the string 0100101 
is uncompressible in the same sense that DNA is. It has very high Kol- 
goromov complexity. That string was generated by me tapping the "0" 
and " 1 " keys on my keyboard. 

If I had a keyboard with only ACGT, I could similarly write random 
DNA. If we put that DNA into a cell, and tried to make a living organ- 
ism out of it, I very much doubt we would get anything living, much 
less good at living. Therefore, the uncompressible complexity we ob- 
serve in living things is also nonrandom. It has been created for a pur- 
pose: the purpose ofbuilding living things. 

So, if the DNA has been created, then there must be a creator. Some 
choose to posit the Christian God, other choose intelligent aliens with 
amazing technology. The problem is that both of these choices also 
must have extremely high Kolgoromov complexity. My chances of ran- 
domly hammering out the code to a divine being on my four-key key- 
board are even less than that of coming up with a living animal. These 
are really just restatements of the same problem; we still don't know 
where the complexity came from. We could posit an endless string of 
gods each of whom created the one before it, thus accounting for the 
extremely high complexity of a god. However, this string just results in 
higher and higher degrees of complexity and gets us nowhere. What we 
need is a way to get high complexity from low complexity. 

If you'll indulge me a brief tangent, I would like to discuss the prop- 



enlightenment Institute * * 155 



erties of spaghetti. Imagine a box of uncooked spaghetti. It's essentially 
a series of straight lines. A box of two hundred pieces of spaghetti has 
very low Kolgoromov complexity. You could easily compress the data 
contained in those two hundred pieces. Now imagine a plate of cooked 
spaghetti, complete with sauce and, if you like, meatballs. Imagine the 
process of untangling this mass. It would take hours to take each indi- 
vidual piece of spaghetti, clean off the sauce, and put it in its own sep- 
arate place and pick out the meatballs. This plate of spaghetti, all 
tangled up and covered with delicious sauce has very high complexity. 
Spaghetti has the astounding property ofbeing able to go from very 
low to very high complexity. 

Now, let's return to our search for a creator. Clearly gods and super- 
intelligent aliens don't help us in our problem. A spaghetti god, how- 
ever, could. It is reasonable that something of low complexity might 
come into existence on its own. We don't look at a rock in the woods 
and feel the need for a designer. So, low-complexity, uncooked spaghetti 
does not require a creator, it is quite capable of arising through ran- 
dom, natural processes. Then, when cooked via the infusion of energy, 
it can come to have a high complexity. Consider the difference between 
uncooked and slightly cooked spaghetti. Slightly cooked spaghetti has 
slightly higher complexity than uncooked. There is a continuous spec- 
trum from low to high as the spaghetti is cooked. The more the 
spaghetti is cooked, the more energy has been infused. In order to cre- 
ate a Flying Spaghetti Monster capable of creating life, which would 
have an extremely high level of complexity, we would need an extremely 
high amount of energy to do the cooking. 

There is only one place where we might find the required amount of 
energy: the universe immediately following the Big Bang. Tempera- 
tures of 100 billion degrees Kelvin would certainly be sufficient to gen- 
erate the high Kolgoromov complexity of spaghetti with the power to 
create life. 

Thus, we have found a solution to the question of where the Kolgo- 
romov complexity of life comes from. Uncooked spaghetti arose natu- 
rally (quite possibly because of its low Kolgoromov complexity) during 



156** The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

the first instants of the universe. It was then cooked by the extremely 
high temperatures, causing it to rapidly gain complexity to the point of 
being able to create life. Further increases in complexity granted it the 
ability to fly, and monster status. 

There will likely be some neo-Darwinian, Ivy League, science elitist 
who will come up with some other object that can rise in complexity 
when cooked. In order to prove that the true form of the creator is that 
of a Flying Spaghetti Monster, I will employ aversion of the famed cos- 
mological argument: 

1. You don't need a reason to enjoy spaghetti. 

2. Everything (else) has a cause. 

3. Nothing can cause itself. 

4. Everything is caused by another thing. 

5. A causal chain cannot be of infinite length. 

6. There must be a first cause. 

7. The first cause had no cause. 

8. Spaghetti is the only thing that can have no cause, thus must be the first 
cause. 



QED, bitches. 



enlightenment Institute • • 1 57 



A Cwenty-first-Century Ontological Argument 
Kevin Heinright 

A classic argument for the existence of god is known as the ontological 
argument (henceforth OA). This argument was developed by Saint 
Anselm in the eleventh century, but has been greatly improved upon in 
the ensuing years. The argument, in a nutshell, is that a perfect being 
must necessarily exist. It is part of the very nature of a perfect being to 
be real — all beings that do not exist are by definition imperfect. This is 
because it is better to exist than to not exist (that is, to exist brings you 
closer to perfection). So if we can merely conceive of a perfect being, 
then it must, on pain of contradiction, be real. 

In a popular formulation of the OA, we are asked to imagine a being 
of which no greater can be conceived. One might motivate this process 
by creating a list of perfections. Reasonably, such a list would include 
omnipotence, omniscience, benevolence, being the creator of all of real- 
ity, and so on. We are then asked to compare this list with one in which 
the characteristic of "actual existence" has been added. Obviously the 
second list describes a more perfect being. It is clear then that the first 
list was not a description of a being of which no greater can he conceived. 
No matter what characteristics we have imagined, actual existence 
would be an improvement. Hence whatever characteristics we attribute 
to our perfect being, existence must be one of them. 

While there have been many criticisms of the OA, from Kantian 
metaphysics to modern quantificational logic, we believe all such chal- 
lenges can be answered. However, we do not have time to review the 
nuances of this debate. For more detailed information, please see 
http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/ontological-arguments/ . 

Traditionally it has been argued (to be frank, it has generally only 
been assumed) that the necessarily existent perfect being fits comfort- 
ably into the Judeo-Christian mold. Now surely any perfect being has 
the characteristics listed above: it is omnipotent, omniscient, benevo- 



1 58 • • The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

lent, and the creator of all reality. Here we have no quarrel with tradi- 
tion. However, we will soon see that there are several other characteris- 
tics that have been overlooked (or suppressed) by philosophers and 
theologians during the last millennium. We propose that a careful re- 
view of the reasoning behind the OA will indicate that rather than the 
god of the Judeo-Christian tradition, the OA indicates the existence of 
a mass of starchy substance capable of gravity resistance. Such a being 
must necessarily be, and so all denials of its existence involve blatant 
logical contradiction. 

We will begin our argument with an experience most people can 
share. When a young person moves away from home and goes to col- 
lege, he finds himself confronted for the first time with the task of pro- 
viding himselfwith the necessities oflife. For many a college freshman, 
this proves a nearly unsurmountable task. While one can survive with- 
out paying the gas, electric, and phone bills, all living things require 
sustenance in order to continue to live. And what is the staple diet of 
the impoverished student? Raraen noodles, macaroni and cheese, and 
spaghetti. But it is not merely college students in first-world nations 
who subsist on this food. The staple diet of a large portion of human- 
ity is starchy noodles. The unique properties of this foodstuff make it 
the most popular form of subsistence in all of recorded history. Noo- 
dles are high in caloric content, they are nutritious, and they are simple 
and easy to produce. Clearly, then, noodles are an objectively superior 
food. Indeed, noodles are the perfect food. 

We will demonstrate that our perfect being must be made of the 
most perfect food. Before we continue, however, a potentially serious 
objection must be met. 

Some will argue that because rice is a staple diet of so many people 
in the world, it must be the more perfect food. On the contrary, we 
argue that rice is a profoundly evil form of sustenance. The corrupting 
nature of rice should be evident to anyone who has taken seriously the 
twentieth-century battles against the evils of communism. This small, 
deceptive grain has provided the fuel for millions of communist sol- 



enlightenment Institute • • 1 59 



diers, communist spies, and communist infiltrators. What countries 
remain communist in the twenty-first century? China, Vietnam, and 
Korea come to mind immediately. Now, what food is most commonly 
associated with these nations? Certainly not spaghetti! The case 
against rice should be immediately clear. (As a side note, this result 
should be of more than casual philosophical interest. A central part of 
modern struggles against tyranny should involve changing the eating 
habits of those living under oppressive regimes.) 

Now, why must a perfect being be composed of the perfect food? The 
argument is surprisingly straightforward. Since food is necessary for 
life, and life is more perfect than nonlife, food is the fundamental sub- 
stance, or substratum, of all living things. All living things are made of 
food. The perfect being exists, and because it is a being (rather than a 
nonbeing, such as a very small rock), it is necessarily alive. But of what 
shall our most perfect being be made? The most perfect food. Hence, 
the perfect being is made of some kind ofpasta. 

Another perfection is gravity resistance. Modern science holds that 
gravity is a "weak" force. However, this is in clear contradiction to the 
evidence. Anyone who has ever climbed a flight of stairs, fallen from a 
great height, or hiked up a mountain can attest that gravity is a strong 
force indeed. The scientific elites tell us otherwise, but the contradic- 
tions in modern physics are evident to even the most casual observer. If 
gravity were a weak force, then surely the rotation of the earth would 
cast us all into space. Does electromagnetism keep Mount Everest in its 
place? Even a child can see the contradictions here. Only someone with 
an overabundance of education could deny the evidence of their senses 
in such an absurd way. Contrary to modern physics (which is corrupted 
by naturalism, Evolutionism, and antipastaism), gravity is the 
strongest force in the universe. Surely, then, a perfect being is capable of 
resisting the greatest force in His creation. Hence, our perfect being is 
capable of gravity resistance (that is, flight). 

We hope this essay enables the reader to see the rational necessity of 
belief in the Flying Spaghetti Monster. 



• The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

The truths of this world are not difficult to find, and much effort 
(and money!) could be saved if we were willing to accept the futility and 
error of so-called "scientific" reasoning and spend our time in careful 
contemplation of His Noodly Greatness. 

Arghh. 

Note: The arguments, which demonstrate that a perfect being would 
require mortals to dress as Pirates, are too obvious to merit inclusion in 
this essay. This derivation is left for the reader. 

On the matter of spheres of meaty substance in the pasta matrix, we 
remain agnostic. One must not extend one's reasoning beyond what is 
available in terms of first principles and evidence. Some room must be 
left for faith. 



enlightenment Institute 



Mathematical Proof of the FSM 
James Hofer 

Proof of the Flying Spaghetti Monster's existence: 
Given: 

The Flying Spaghetti Monster is frequently represented as FSM. 
Existence is the opposite of nonexistence, or therefore not Null. 
Null is frequently represented as 0. 
We will use O to show nonequivalence. 

Therefore to prove that the Flying Spaghetti Monster exists, we must 
prove that: 

FSM o 0 

In physics, force is equal to mass time acceleration, or F = MA. Bobby 
Henderson is a physics graduate, so we can substitute this into the 
above equation, giving us: 

(MA)SM <o> 0 
MASM 0> 0 

MASM is the microsoft assembler, which most definitely exists, 
therefore MASM o 0. Microsoft is one of the most successful busi- 
nesses in history, undoubtedly as a result of their secret ties to the Fly- 
ing Spaghetti Monster. 

Einstein's equation E = MC can also be substituted into the above 
equation. 

E = M C 2 -* M - E/CT = E/(CC) 

FS(E/CC)oO 

FSE/CC O 0 

It's obvious that both the FCC and the SEC exist — just ask Howard 
Stern and Martha Stewart — government agencies that seek to control 



*The Gospel of the Plying Spaghetti Monster 

things, much like the Noodly Master. What most people don't know is 
that FSE/CC is Federation of Swaziland Employers and Chamber of 
Commerce. The king of Swaziland recently picked a new wife by having 
thirty thousand women walk topless in front ofhim. This is obviously 
because he is a devout follower of the Flying Spaghetti Monster and, 
knowing about the Stripper Factory in Heaven, wanted to create 
Heaven on earth. 

Thus, since we have shown that MASM, FCC, SEC, and FSE/CC all 
exist, we have proven that FSM o 0 and the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
exists. 



enlightenment Institute • 



A Corporate Proof of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
Scott Stoddard 

I just celebrated my one-year anniversary with my current employer. Ac- 
tually, I completely forgot, but they did not. I received a very nice, but 
god-awful useless, sterling-silver key chain with the company logo. It's 
nice to be appreciated. It also got me thinking. 

If everything on earth is God's handiwork, then He really is the worst 
kind of micromanager. I don't want to believe that. 

Let's assume that God exists. Can't prove it. Can't disprove it. Doesn't 
hurt to think that there is an all powerful deity with a corner office 
somewhere out there in the cosmos. 

Now, THE UNIVERSE is a pretty big place. It probably isn't a pri- 
vately held company. I'd be willing to bet that THE UNIVERSE incor- 
porated years ago. In a business model, God would be the CEO. 

That would make God accountable to the Board of Directors of 
THE UNIVERSE, INC. 

Who makes up this board? What are their terms of office? And for 
that matter, would we, as residents of THE EARTH, be considered 
stockholders or employees of the corporation? Let's assume employees. 
I know I've never received any dividends or letters of proxy. 

I think that everyone would agree that THE EARTH is a dangerous 
place. Humanity is continually trying to destroy itself. Throw in a 
bitchy Mother Nature with her tsunamis, earthquakes, and hurricanes, 
and you have what any businessman would call a high-risk venture. 

So now, the main question is this: 

Would God, the CEO of THE UNIVERSE, INC., take a hands-on ap- 
proach to the creation and management of THE EARTH? 
I think not. 

God, being the smart CEO we all know he is, would most likely have 
handed the project off to a Vice President for Strategic Development of 
THE UNIVERSE, INC. This would, of course, limit God's liability to 
the Board of Directors of THE UNIVERSE, INC. 



• The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 

In turn the VP, not wanting to be immersed in a corporate scandal 
should anything go wrong, probably had Accounting form a shell corpo- 
ration called THE EARTH, INC., and promoted some hot-shot middle 
manager to oversee the whole thing. I believe that the Flying Spaghetti 
Monster is this manager. 

The FSM, wanting to spread the wealth, brings over some of his bud- 
dies, who might be great guys to go drinking with, but who really aren't 
suited for managing an entire planet. This would explain famine, dis- 
ease, suffering, and stupidity — corporate cronyism at its worst. 

Don't you think this theory of Intelligent Design just fits together a 
little more soundly than God Himself creating THE EARTH, INC.? 

If we make it to another millennium without folding, do we all get 
silver key chains? 



A Final Note from 
Bobby Henderson and His Staff 





EAR NEWLY CONVERTED READER, 



ink it's safe to say that FSMism is not only a ground- 



breaking religion but the only one supported by hard science. This 
makes it probably the most unquestionably true theory ever put forth 
in the history of humankind. And yet we find doubters and naysayers 
galore, mostly in the form of Evolutionists, ID supporters, and mem- 
bers of other religions. But we live in America, a country founded on, 
among other things, the idea of religious freedom. We have laws to pro- 
tect people against religious persecution. 

In spite of these laws, you may encounter people who disagree with 
your right to miss school or work every Friday, to wear an eye patch in 
public, to talk like a pirate, etc. Your first step should always be to tell 
these sceptics a little about our beliefs. They may simply convert to 
FSMism, in which case your problem is solved. But sometimes it's not 
that easy. If, after learning about our religion, people still refuse to 
allow you to express your constitutionally protected right offreedom of 
religion, then you should write a letter. If you're in school, write a letter 
to the principal, copying the superintendent of the school district, as 
well as your local chapter of the ACLU. If you're at work, write to your 
supervisor, copying the company's director of human resources — and, 
again, forward a copy to the ACLU. The important thing is not to sit 
back and let your rights be trampled on. 

To those hardened Evolutionists, we would remind you that we're 
not saying Evolution couldn't have happened — only that it is most 
likely a process guided by His Noodly Appendage. We know that the 
FSM may be working behind the scenes to make Evolution look plausi- 
ble. We also know that He might not be doing so. The Flying Spaghetti 
Monster works in mysterious ways, and He definitely messes with stuff 
all the time, though we know not why. 



* A Final Note from Bobby Henderson and His Staff 



To the proponents of Intelligent Design, we offer you this olive 
branch: Pastafarians support your argument that only teaching Evolu- 
tion in schools unfairly discriminates against those with creation be- 
liefs. We know about your efforts to develop a wedge strategy, whereby 
you seek to keep the Bible out of the discussion for now, instead con- 
centrating on establishing "scientific" evidence of a creator. Pastafari- 
ans see the wisdom of this approach, and we offer our own fork 
strategy, in which we argue for the inclusion of supernatural explana- 
tions in science — thus opening the door for FSMism to be taught one 
day. Quite simply, we are brothers in this effort. 

Everyone knows that theories aren't the same as facts, and there is 
little doubt that alternative theories must be taught alongside more 
established ones. We've pointed to much evidence supporting His exis- 
tence, certainly enough to get Pastafarianism included in the curricu- 
lum alongside Evolution and Intelligent Design. And when we turn our 
minds toward the world's great religions, we can admit that the other 
ones are pretty good, but ours is still the Best. Religion. Ever. Why not 
teach all the theories and let the kids decide? 

We hope you've enjoyed our book. If not, we hope that you've at least 
learned something. If you didn't learn anything, it is our sincere wish 
that The Gospel of the FSM made you think. If you didn't even have a 
thought, then there's no doubt you're a Born-Again Christian, in which 
case we hope that you're able to keep off the crack long enough to get a 
vasectomy or have your tubes tied. 

Okay, that last sentence was mean and I apologize. Pastafarians are a 
community of peaceful and open-minded worshippers, which means that 
1 Including midgets, of anything we've said or done to offend people 1 was meant only in the spirit 

course - of promoting greater understanding and awareness. It has been said that 

the best sauce requires an occasional stir or two — wiser words have seldom 
been spoken — and so we have done our best to stir the waters of belief in 
the hopes of converting just a few more Pirates to His Noodly Goodness. 
RAmen. 

BOBBY HENDERSON 
Prophet 



Illustration Credits 



PACE 

5 FSM effect on height ©Tim Mak 

5 Cave, Axial gallery, Lascaux (Montignac, Dordogne), France 

6 Ferris P. Longshanks © Steve Luker/Dreamstime.com 

8 Charles Darwin, byjulia Margaret Cameron/The Wellcome Library 

12 Land mass chart© Simon Sullivan 

13 Christopher Columbus, Artephot 

15 Witch eating calculator © Tim Mak 

16 FSMism venn diagram © Simon Sullivan 

21 Evolution ©Tim Mak 

22 Pirate to man © Ed Crane 

23 Why Do Men Have Nipples?, courtesy of Crown Books, a division of Random 
House, Inc. 

26 Temperature/Pirate graph © Simon Sullivan 

27 ID graph © Simon Sullivan 

29 Fish fossils © Randy Mckown/Dreamstime.com 

30 PeterJ. Snodgrass, Ph.D. ©Wilmyvan Ulft/Dreamstime.com 
30 Imam Perezjaffari © Fred Goldstein/Dreamstime.com 

39 Christians/Pirates graph © Simon Sullivan 

39 FSM wafer© Erich Schoeneweiss 

40 Boiling water© Chris Schluep 

41 String ©Tim Mak 

41 DNA © Dreamstime.com 

42 Future man ©Tim Mak 

42 Pirate skull © Scott Rothstein/Dreamstime.com 

43 Spirogyra, courtesy of David Polcyn, Ph.D., Professor of Biology, Chair, 
Department of Biology, California State University 

43 Primitive life © Carolina K. Smith 

43 Proteus flagella © Steven R. Spilatro, Marietta College 

44 Uncooked spaghetti © Erich Schoeneweiss 

44 Uncooked spaghetti in container© Erich Schoeneweiss 

47 Kiwi ©Tim Mak 



PACE 



56 Celtic cross © Lisa McDonald/Dreamstime.com 

58 A Spirit Man Spearing Kangaroos, Western Arnhem Land, North Australia 

58 Map of China, Werner Forman Archive 

58 Egyptian hieroglyphics, D. Gagli Orti 

59 Parthenon © Alison Frantz 

59 The Creation of Adam by Michelangelo, Sistine Chapel/Niklasjansson, 
http://vvww.venqanza.orq/imaqes/spreadword/havetouched.ipq 

60 The Founding Fathers, Wadsworth-Atheneum, Hartford, Connecticut 
60 Benjamin Franklin Drawing Electricity from the Skyby Benjamin West, The 

Philadelphia Museum of Art/Art Resource, New York 

60 Japan surrenders WWII, National Archives and Records Administration 

61 Einstein lectures, Messe Berlin 
61 Moon landing, NASA 

80 Plato (left) and Aristotle (right), detail from The School of Athens 
by Raphael 

81 Leonardo Da Vinci, self portrait, Biblioteca Reale, Italy 
84 Charles Darwin, The Granger Collection, New York 

89 Sheep ©Tim Mak 

102 Desert © Wilmy van Ulft/Dreamstime.com 

102 Donald Rumsfeld, U.S. Department of Defense 

108 Flying Spaghetti Monster by in-animator, 
http://www.venqanza.org/imaqes/spreadword/obev1 .jpq 

109 Pirate/Temperature graph © Simon Sullivan 
109 Pirate-fish design, Niklasjansson 

111 The Creation ofAdamby Michelangelo, Sistine Chapel/Niklasjansson, 
http://www.venqanza.org/imaqes/spreadword/havetouched.ipq 

112 Pirate/Temperature graph © Simon Sullivan 
114-17 Pirate-fish stencil photographs© Erich Schoeneweiss 

118-21 Flying Spaghetti Monster simulacrum photographs© Erich Schoeneweiss 

150 Pirate/Temperature graph © Simon Sullivan 

151 Ocean-current maps © Simon Sullivan 
168-69 FSM Heaven ©Tim Mak 

175, 177 Pirate-fish design, Niklasjansson 



About the Author 



BOBBY HENDERSON is twenty-five years old 
and lives in Corvallis, Oregon. He holds a B.S. 
in physics, and although he has received several 
job offers from Las Vegas gambling interests 
(really, we're serious), he currently supports 
himself as a full-time prophet. Bobby got his 
start as a prophet in 2005, shortly after the Fly- 
ing Spaghetti Monster appeared before him 
and disclosed that He was the true creator of 
the universe. Satisfied that this was no hoax, 
Bobby mailed a letter to the Kansas school 
board in which he proposed that FSMism be 
taught alongside Evolution and Intelligent De- 
sign in high-school biology classes. To his great 
disappointment, he received no response from 
the school board regarding his revelation. So 
Bobby posted his open letter on the website 
www.Venganza.org (which can also be found 
through www.FlyingSpaghettiMonster.com ), 
and soon he began hearing from other Pasta- 
farians. It has been estimated that ten million 
people worldwide have been touched by His 
Noodly Appendage. The Gospel of the Flying 
Spaghetti Monster is Bobby's first religious tome. 


